This guy, there's no way he isn't trolling, right?
Funny how the media chose to never bring it up this election
If you're buying something at only 20% off, you dun goofed.
Oh come on
Bots don't send their best people.
Making arrows worse sure
Wtf lmaoo
We definitely have "discipline", but a lot of good that's doing us
Oh the irony...
Wtf I thought that McD's wrote that song
The sense of humour is basically the same... That's what gets me
for the people taking this comment seriously, the Hollywood star was the 7th
But I wanted to upgrade to a 4k TV with my $500 tax refund Trump was going to give me to distract me from him shoveling our nation's resources into corporate America's pockets :(
There isn't one.
Crushed it.
my kitchen doesn't have an exhaust fan of any kind :[
I hope this is satire
I like when the juice just dribbles down your chin and you gotta scoop it up with your finger and lick it all off.
Underrated comment
Turnip Power?
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW WIKILEAKS MENTION ON NATIONAL TV
Why did you not provide any proof or comparison?
CS 1.6, Source and GO Cities skylines Getting steep in a bit.
It's like people forget he's been in the league 13 years
This is intended, iframes provide no protection from sudden death fog.
solo ult, what a scrub
On average, how often do you meme?
Try laning against Caitlyn/MF/Jhin/Jinx.
Gotta save our children from the dangers of text on a screen in a rhythm game
Obama's face is the best thing about this picture
it was.
r/catsstandingup
It's a drop in the bucket in terms of spending and is a solid investment for infrastructure in the long term.
How am I supposed to fap then?
It just never stops being funny guys.
Ohhhhh Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssss
Try now.
Everyone dies near the beginning?
Looks like he just saw the three Christmas Spirits
It is, just separatists being dumb-shits as always.
I agree it makes the most persistent coffee rings on anything it touches.
where?
It was on a ballot and the people in Austin spoke.
Fuck man I can't figure out how to get those sweet fumes :(
Even Brad Guzan and Ozzy Osbourne?
Because anecdotes mean anything and being gay/trans is evil
When I was a teenager I got it $10/tab but now I must be getting it from a seventh or eighth middleman.
I'm sure she doesn't have any influence
I mean , it also had a bad trailer and tons of other controversies before it even came to cinemas.
I'll take one matthews please
Cool story bro!
If he did it himself that wouldn't make it any less shit
I think it goes on sale on the official store tomorrow
it's not 100% taxable, but they will check if it is taxable or not, that's why it's a no that they won't deliver to your house :D
Yea, i wish he could 1-shot musketeers
sad one of my friends wanted to earn 3 runecoins for a deal for this week and the deal expires soon...
Peeing in an open field isn't an offense as long as others can't see your strudel
This lizard.
You need to have it calibrated.
I'd yell something.
I ordered some stuff too
Community college.
The RCP link is just rehosted fox content so it's just one source - some guy from fox.
You know, the words from Duterte, are very mean.
WELL DONE BAKU
Yeah that was a disappointment for me too
epm and floral maybe cudgel i'd definitely keep
Let's not forget that Islam is the religion of peace
You stay away from her
Boston, Detroit, Washington (health dependant) and Milwaukee in the East IMO.
If they wanted to prove who's the best team they would just award a championship to the team with the most wins at the end of season, that's not what playoffs are about.
No, just against an uneducated electorate.
ok
I've had stranger Thursdays.
In 2.6 alone, there are 4 new ships and 4 new variants in the game.
We spent a first rounder three years prior, and he had yet to play more than three games a season because he was drastically injury prone.
Unlocking lore wasn't "nothing" especially considering that was the whole purpose of the ARG.
Peavy and Pagan leaving opens up even more money
They're getting a big ol' rework in 2.2, which should arrive within a few weeks
Yeah, but "crazy" doesn't really mean anything, you're just trying to silence her...
Is there anyone here that thinks what Lyon did was wrong but Brad Scott wasnt?
But I don't think people in HL use Sunder effectively, and casting EQ isn't as punishing.
Political propaganda, best way to annex.
But disguising while being actively attacked by a tower won't help, since it keeps its target locked (and you get hit by the tower because it doesn't disjoint projectiles, taking damage and breaking your disguise)
And it probably isn't the first time the principal has raged at a kid.
I would liked to have seen two more semis box one of these guys in, get a bit close to him, make him sweat a bit.
Wow hubby sounds nice
she's the one trump supporter
Yeah not as cool though
The only thing worse than the offseason of a sports sub is the offseason of a TV sub.
As if they'd base an entire class mount around one of the first tiers released.
Yeah, because Baal runs are more fun and unique than rifts.
Make sure to use an ad blocker if you stream it
I try not to but realistically it's going to happen a lot.
Baseball isn't his strength, but he's amazing on Inside the NBA.
Something is severely wrong with Caveira's left boob
I remember having to try to work out which texts were important enough to stay and which had to be deleted to get more.. Ahh the old days.
At such a early Date?
Replace the word 'nudist' with 'white' and that situation sounds racist as fuck.
Yep, this is the one.
Couldn't be more true
I'm from Indiana too (st joseph county) but I don't live there anymore :( Can I still be part of the club?
CM?
Every freaking time something weird goes on with an animal- stripes like this, eating parts of it to get boners or see the future, deep fry them live and get them to the plate still breathing- it's China.
And so he pays for that mistake.
Source on philly?
you can make your own textures as well
Ah, don't know how I managed to overlook that.
I know this as that movie I wanted to rent as a kid because it had a cartoon cat on it and my dad wouldn't let me.
.... that is Stan though.
Colorado early vote 10/27 update: Good news for Reps: reg Dem +5.1 today, was +6.1 y'day Bad news: 3,581 more Dem returns, lead now +28,832
sure - for n girls, just approach n-1
dude its a metaphor
I am so over Nigel Hayes.
But only on luxury and sports cars...
# # ThanksObama
My favorite sign there recently was ANIMALS CAN CROSS THE STREET QUICKLY, WHY NOT HUMANS?
Well, I'll have someone get right on that.
All hail Fox news, the source of all unbiased journalism
WHICH MOUSE AM I, FRANK?!
they need to hire a turkish oil coach
Didn't get it to work via XB1 but from PC to Chromecast works if you're wanting to get a stream up onto the big screen.
No, the best part is that people said this would happen the last time.
It's not over
Darn, there goes my hope of a superhuman version of me.
BICMAN!
BACK ON THE CHART BOYS, WOOOHOOO!
Dead people.
lol I like how T_D folks love government institutions when they fit their narrative but otherwise shrug them off.
Pretty sure he was fucking with you.
First chance I had to get out of town for the weekend and went down to the ozarks, was great to finally get out and was really happy my twin fit in the back with the seats down, makes it really easy to pack up and take off on a dewy morning :)
You didn't seem to mind wasting your time when you talked at me, called my judgment into question, and suggested I was trying to trick you somehow by wanting you to answer my questions, but you're welcome anyways.
Were you afraid of Mighty Mouse?
Saw the pilot and remember being sad for Drea De Matteo that she went from the Sopranos to Joey so immediately.
r/the_kanye
Bu Bu But.... Snopes said it was a joke!
Well they should.
It's gonna blow people's minds if it turns out to not even be SA's blood.
Better bring in poor unskilled minorities from overseas instead.
TIL People date one another to leech money off the other party...
Then it would need a different typing, so not live in a volcano.
Do you believe best-of lists are an unbiased and objective measure of merit?
I think you're thinking of his iPad Pro
When you grenade yourself.
I mean, moving is *so inconvenient*.
But they are all secret Clinton voters
Who besides maybe Marcus Brimage and Diego Brandao hasn't looked good sinced fighting Conor
Oh well, lesson learned I suppose!
r/empiredidnothingwrong
Having the same problem here, I used to be able to get an easy 250fps+ on all maps, now i'm scraping by 100, and it dips into the low 30's when a huge firefight's going on, although for me, payday 2 and GTA V are also performing shitty-ly
NFL viewer ratings
neanche stupido, l'olio di palma.
Heard there is going to be a Nano chem at some point
She was a four at best anyway, the US can do better.
Those eyes on the real cat are creepy as fuck.....especially all wide and such.
This honestly is probably easier than it looks.
I'm sorry that the criminals have to suffer such inhumane practices, im glad none the the victims of the criminals crimes had to go through the same
yeah it's not like stunfest is the biggest tournament in europe or anything
Yes there definitely would not be protests by conservatives had trump won the popular vote but lost the EC.
Further up on the thread there is an example of a LOL pro who uses a trackball, and I think there was a semi-pro q3 pro with a trackball as well
If you don't understand how elections work, you have no room to complain about one.
What the hell is this environmentalist propaganda bullshit I hate u OP
On the plus side Jimmy Hayes will get more ice time!
Law and Order: Special Vader Unit DUN DUN dunt dunt dununt nuhhhh wayoooow!
u wot m8
You didn't buy the deluxe version that includes a personal translation stone.
I would rather gnaw my leg off than go to a Walmart on black Friday.
Ugh.
That's it...Add another foot to the wall.
\#dicksoutforITT
Well HLTV's Owner said he took k0nfig based on the amount of impact kills he made.
From this moment on, I drop all support for Bill Clinton for President.
Sounds like Nazism to me.
Who's Blaze?
What a bunch of miserable cunts!
Even if you didn't buy his M&amp;M's or the paper, he would still say "God bless you my brother!"
I'm talking about the remastered, but if it makes you feel better I still can't run the originals at max since I don't have a GPU.
Yeah those European dummies would be better off if they just let us smart Americans be in charge of them
I've been waiting for someone to do this tbh
Wut iz logik?
The earth's problem*
Does it apply to laptop?
McSplaining
It's that much less weight the front tire has to take.
DAE think not liking racism makes you the real racist tho?
Are voice comms necesarry?
People don't like that it has no tactile response, and keys they are expecting might not be available depending on the context.
Because Reddit invented the idea of secret Santa.
It's more discouraging that there are still people who obviously have done absolutely no research to figure out what really happened that day but still feel the need to insult the ones that have.
Name is an anagram!
Tutte di domenica ...
Ohh, it's OC...wheew, I wasn't going to laugh, but now that I know it's OC I can laugh with a clear mind!
It the guy wants to lose some elo for himself, it is surely better to play with him trolling a game and lose elo for everyone on a team, waste 30 min of your life and nerves, than just let him dodge this game for you and wait a bit more for a normal game.
And that is what we did.
Nick Halden
This is ruining America
Not even that good
Long but good read.
It was his turn
The real LPT is always in the comments.
Because of the capital gamma.
Hey, it means she thought you were actually worth something, since you were being "selfish" for not spending time with other people.
I have a dirty mind but if you read this out of context...
White people just feel left out, they want to be oppressed too!
We upgraded through the files on the ISO on the Volume Licencing Center via SCCM.
When are you going to acknowledge the fact that Trump is the first President-elect who is openly in favor of same-sex marriage?
Cool
Art is in the eye of the beholder, but these mock up shoes are in shit taste /thiswholesubreddit
#FirstWorldProblems
This is brilliant!
For the love of god I hope they ask that orange idiot about this in the next debate.
Skips is dresssed as the main character from They Live.
You too.
Yep - lawfare
Of course, we should all be free to choose our own path to accepting Jesus Christ as our lord and saviour
Must be some bad fish taco.
Be more modern
Relic system is better.
Frasier!
Thanks for the constructive comment
Sounds like a real fun guy to be around
I feel like you forgot your
Uhh ... Jesus was American
Tis
The alt-right is the most inclusive group ever to accept a gay jew brit.
If that doesn't work, soaking it &amp; letting it sit usually works.
Or Ulster
We are very happy
Maybe he REALLY likes Velcro.
Never seen one of these before!
He's not black
But they changed it though!
Hey do you guys still own slaves?
They can go and mope in garage like a man does and suck it in.
If I were in Star Trek, I would make the best Barclay.
Hey now, don't be sew rude.
Yeah, when I think of hot tech areas, I think of Indianapolis.
This isn't even my final form!
Joffrey comes back to life to successfully reclaim the throne.
[vette or torian dying is a bad thing tho :(]
I highly doubt the matrix is run in Windows
You forgot the
Obviously Romney is an insider, unlike Newt
Dopey here.
Obviously you must be a landwhale^tm
just wait for 2018 bud
But much conspiraciz.
That's pretty cool
He can't be classist, he used to be poor!
Hawaii
Please god let them have fixed the dreaded BAMBERGA error, i just wanna play ZiS with friends!
F
Yeah bro because executing people without due process is a GREAT idea.
When is the next Tupac Shakur album coming out?
No scar tho 0/10
Late war Panzerschrek.
why doesn't the government sprinkle magic all over the housing prices to make it go away?
*Clear* proof that the NFL is rigged.
Wasn't talking about this particular instance, I was talking about the one in Pinellas county.
The lab module is available if you have a good rep with the Curators, you don't need the scientist actually.
r/holdmybeer
I know u/cherzo said they had problems uploading QI yesterday due to computer issues, maybe the same thing?
I didn't see that coming
Doesn't the snow begin to melt if it vets above 32 degrees?
But what if the girl wants to be a slave!
Wait, but it was a close game, and that's all that matters, right?
Probably going to be a mod for that in no time, but don't think that extra bridges are easy, the way they work means that adding new types of bridges is actually a lot of work on CA's part.
Because career choice is exactly like gender identity, right?
That's the Titans Super Bowl story line bro... Need to be more original
Yeah, the go to phrase for me is just dice, pls fix!
With Ireland part of the EU, has the situation been remedied somewhat with at least some women taking a quick trip to a EU country that allows it?
Davis was doing alright, so McCarthy had to bench him!
What if Pudding whispered to Luffy and Nami "I'm gonna start a war with the Vinsmokes"?
Me at 20 years old reading this "....boooooring...let's party" Now at 37 "great advice wish I took it!"
They'd be much better people if they actually were.
That's really good!
No it isn't.
Dude, you are such a noob mercy, good mercys can heal through walls
I've never seen a Widow on the point before....this clip is fake.
Wow, a spraydown, I get one of those every round... not that it matters
Not the thread for this.
Animal Crossing.
I expected the punchline to be something along the lines of big brother or the man
Cubs winning the World Series
I only see a comma.
You seem like a very reasonable person who votes based on policy and character rather than anger and an immature worldview
You know, the Javascript Virtual Machine
But he started it!
Just like how middle aged men can grope school girls and not be called out for it?
Yes Tumblr is the problem here...
You'd think that he'd appreciate a creative and original tweet like that.
He has point.
good time to start then
What if I actually only want 3 now?
Alu or acrylic?
Kinda like those plastic spinning rims
lol aye, but look at the touch maps that get posted here after most games, millers always in the thick of it, one of the busiest players on the pitch, but I agree he is a stop gap, the whole "best left back" is just a meme, the winky smiley face is just my refusal to
Drunk Michael Floyd is probably better than all of our receivers last week.
Sometimes you just gotta put the
I own the battlechest IRL I just don't have it where I currently reside.
Yup, it's exactly the same place as where we find Priscilla in DS1, though the surrounding landscape is totally different.
Pfft only 7?
No, you should just get over it
Something tells me that the pre-Civil War Democratic Party didn't have much of an opinion on gay rights or net neutrality, but sure, other than that, same platform.
Shiv Sena
Android Pay, probably.
He was done he shouldn't have hit him that last time
Statement stands
I'm cool with rape and murder but smoking might be just a little bit too extreme to show on TV
Selling: Rubies: 800 pp Stock: 150 Selling: Emeralds: 600 pp Stock: 150 Selling: Amethyst: 1000 pp Stock: 120 IGN Is CheeseBurgerGuy142, just follow me if you wanna buy some gems!
*From behind, this salt shaker looks like a klansman.
Of course it's Hoell smh
I thought the commerce clause said "and Congress has unlimited authority to make laws so long as they include the word commerce in the title".
Not so viciously anymore
Cats run off heat, that's why they don't like water
cool, thanks for some confirmation
Those guys are all terrible shooters, gimme Br3wer all day.
It's not a replacement, they're just going to be selling it instead.
Can you please put up a link?
But we are getting the peaceful Muslims.
Well you can survive a trump presidency, you privileged piece of crap, but if HRC doesn't run this country, millions won't.
Thank you for politely trying to convert me!
Anyone who wasn't here before they implemented local area codes must be a California transplant!
Romo would've got 110% completion rate
So take them off your post?
It's significantly better than torque though
Nah, it was Jill Stein's fault
If you find this question interesting, I'd recommend the novel The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August which deals with this question.
oh wow never expect that
I think Allah will understand
Did you forget the
You forgot Tag Heuer
New 52 Supes just got so shat on for them to finally kill him, it's just sweeping the problems under the rug.
We are all mortar shells on this blessed day
No man drake a sellout for making music with up and coming rappers
Yeah but since Luke is such a huge character it would only make sense for them to never release him so the tie interceptor will be first because first comes before never.
I got an email from Beats saying they're coming in February.
Nope, just some weed from Amsterdam.
Great find!
r/bee_irl
GET IT FROM G2A CLUELESS
Plz give me one ;(
CampField is mad he got turned on by CRIMBOT
Protip: instantly select Loki the "assassin" and lock that character in.
Did we sacrifice George Michael to 2016 in exchange for Carrie Fisher's life?
Oh yeah i remember i think it actually was g2 who won the round cause the opponents peeked when they had no time.
Nah, passive aggressive apathy is the real answer here...
It's a hammer reference.
Non-Americans always assume the melting pot of the world is made up of one kind of person.
Any revolution that hurt the USSR or Putin was a capitalist nazi zionist plot!
Spray on building sprays.
It's just youtube's video stabilization, as far I know every time a video is uploaded, at least when i did, this option comes up and people who don't really know youtube or uploading think it helps when really it makes it look wavy and distorted like in this video.
Can you stop spamming the subreddit with your low effort photshops?
He doesn't buy new, because new cars are never a good deal.
Fuck you then, you're in the 1% you can afford it
Yeah, I mean I wouldn't mind getting Lady Loki last minute, the problem is just that until then I'm stuck with Garbage Man and Wasp as my only fighters which if I understand other threads right makes getting Angela pretty difficult.
Oh dear what a fucking shame.
Moving the cursor to that little x is a significant amount of xp that is lost and will impact me through RSI
Maybe they should put on yellow patches?
Yes, show me the font you use and I'll tell you about your personality, because aesthetics shows you what you are as a person
But I thought that Hamas are just moderate freedom fighters
You are never safe from the master race
CHIP
No Man's Sky
Ahhh yes, I forgot how accurate kicker projections are.
wow you played a game with him... thats so nuts dude.
Yes, I'm losing a shit ton of money buying grains, fruits, and vegetables.
Because some people have never had Krystal?
But did he get his Avatar on the 'high score' screen?
big surprise
Yeah, this definitely doesn't happen in London.
Oh please, that's just an urban legend.
Mb use the staffs
Will these be 1.0 or 2.0 PK pattern?
Wow, and here I thought there was no Vitos love... Need crystals now... That skin is cool as hell.
The ability to detect sarcasm.
Constitution is being upheld now perfectly, it is a living document and is capable of changing its minds to reflect the times.
I thought the female body knew how to shut down a rape
thank you
oh don't you just LOVE those people?
What's the point if you can't buy the full robot and use it as a guard dog, or alternatively to attack chavs?
Planting the seed, eh?
Yea we should nerf his ult damage cuz it's too strong
same they should just made it a blank white page
But it's on a 4k TV that means it's 4k!
Gromp has my sympathy, but not my regret -Wraith probably
Yes you Are the only one
Abandon this show, its very bad, we are idiots for watching it
Ikea Bekant in black.
Did you just call every non-white in existence "an animal"?
Conservatives sure make a lot of sense.
More employed people in NY mean less drug dealers for them to send up!
But muh TSM is obviously better than last year FNC
Monsanto Corp.
Why do you think that the transmission locking up would have *anything at all* to do with it being low on lubricant?
I can't believe she is communicating with her campaign!
Well I'm sure the lizards can make more than one suit!
could be considered a spoiler
Yeah but that was black people saying white chick's have privilege... so much different
Standard Friday night, isn't it?
You sound pleasant person
That seems like it'd be so hard to do...
Yeah if you could stop shooting me in the foot, that'd be great.
It's not fat-shaming if you're doing it to a cishetero patriarchal scumbag
But not the comment this thread deserves.
Madison Square Gardens?
Wtf u talking about boost to silo was hard as fuck
He's right Obama created the 2008 financial crisis then elected himself into office to fix it so he could come out as the hero.
Well technically, it's not wrong.
Sure when she does it it's called modeling but when I do the same thing I am charged with indecent exposure.
Can tell by that sexy flair
But the Vita has no games.
Just one reason why movies have gotten better over the past 80 years
That's what I thought at first, but then why would the Alone remix and The 90s be on there?
what kind of magazines are those?
Well, can't risk them catching the gay.
Casual on Hulu.
Impossible, if you don't croot the kid before he gets hair on his balls how are you going to know what kind of player your going to get
OK, someone please post the location(s) of these sites, so we can all take a look while able to do so.
No dude, he would have to work his way up the rankings... Probably would have faced Jared Rosholt to see if he's legit...
Flat earth confirmed
I guess I should of put a
Everything this xpac is RNG man, it makes the game more fun.
Your right George Clooney was way better as batman
But I heard leaving the person you were shooting at alive during a robbery and just killing their husband that was protecting your original target then running away was the way to rob people?
Good thing rope was "recently" invented for tying loads down on vehicles...
Plot twist: manufactured on 14nm LPP
So, if Dig wins Blizzcon, NA dominance continues
We work in this country not take two week vacations.
Don't forget no SMS fallback!
I too would like the double barrel to be purely better than the water-pipe and pump shotgun in close quarters.
oh good call...I had originally tried on the Fox app and they don't broadcast live TV until primetime.
Inb4 dust2 removed out of map pool for new inferno
Facts: Comparing 2014's murder rate to 2016 incomplete data set and completely ignoring 2015.
That's some really good photoshop
3, 1, 2
Yes, I would put "all reporters" into the same category as a convicted felon known to literally frame (in the criminal sense) his political targets as baby murders, committing electoral fraud or otherwise.
Pretty sure they react to you because you helped the windlord guy, or at least that's what they'd all say before turning friendly for me.
Yea he did a great job of uniting Americans and making us feel safe and proud.
Everyone knows contacting people isn't contacting people!
But they have such wonderful advice about that, which is that we should just "lighten up" and not be "haters", which would solve everything, like it always has.
Please remember, as always, that this has nothing to do with Islam!
Well it's probably older than most of his fanbase
It's actually SimCity #sorrynotsorry
Refining his Spanish skills
Would you rather have a cunt talking to you in your head?
This cultural appropriation is getting out of HAND.
Animal brutality is funny.
Because it didn't have [OC] in title...
Is this real
Yeah because I'd much rather lose a ranked game then be called a name
But what about the USA!
I do not care how much i contribute to the abuse of anything, i am a perfect godlike human being, worship me mortal
added you, my ign = Luesid
Add skill to your black hole, have it go nl, Sair, dl, dair, repeat!
Yeah, based on the "choices", Kanye West looks appealing.
browsing reddit and ignoring my growing number of responsibilities like I do every day
Insightfull
These rhymes are as legit as anything I've heard on the radio
Every prefix in bytes are taken from the metric system.
And because the Portuguese were *real* pioneers in stopping the slave trade... Yeah, that's a massive
great input.
Hell I was talking about Kotor 2
He already has though, remember he viciously killed all those younglings
NE run a system for system qb system
You forgot your
Yooouu goott aa fuucckkinggg daarrtt inn youurr neeeckk
Because it's only men voting for Trump.
Sorry, I had to :'(
But...maybe one of his relatives died?
it's right there!
Feminist need to step their game up.
Captain Atom?
Because I can't afford Overwatch.
When was the last time you genuinely looked for updates?
That would actually cost more... kickers don't come cheap.
The NX is also a toaster.
Beautifully flaired
yes, once this non-tax paying billionaire with corporate interests comes into office.
What are you saying.. i love getting 2 stingers for killing hard bosses in dungeons that last 30 minutes
It's probably the FBI.
Id be shocked if Nintendo cared about the tournament scene at all given their track record.
Nah dude you're wrong,a Medic clearly needs to Refill that 3 arrows he has for his crossbow more then you do
By having a goal keeper
Tell him you keep a handgun in your dresser and you'll be at work late tonight School shootings are funny, kekekek
Nope, but expect the pollsters to "mysteriously" die before the election.
Masterpiece of design Can't hop.
I guess Chen isn't the best role model for a kid.
Recon Artemis
Wow, I've never seen this joke before
but but it`s for FREE, and they made the tower nice, for FREE
You obviously didnt watch the game though
Plus it's nice in that it helps the game end, which for casual commander players can be very helpful since no one wants to attack each other, leading to several hour long games for no other reason than "politics"
PCGAMER has the best articles ever
seriously stop.
I just googled that now, wtf EA basically lied to everyone about his stats considering there was no futhead or the like back then
Denk
You get taken out to a cabin in the woods and your "friends" destroy your electronics you Reddit on.
She could admire it, just not touch it.
It's normal.
One might argue society has invested a lot of money in raising you to driving-age, so your loss now that you've finally reached a productive age would be a detriment to the country.
Because he doesn't know how to read.
Takes two sentences to accuse the EPA of communist sympathies....
Sure give Anthony Davis
400 lb TROLL...lOLOLOLOLOL
among my friends with PSVR, this is one of their most used applications (playing normal ps games on a virtual screen)
He just said in this video that he finished the campaign.
You can have him back anytime.
Brewing potions that raise your Intelligence so you can brew better potions that raise your Intelligence, etc.
Official glove supplier of Donald Trump.
I THOUGHT THE VIKES GRABBED BRADFORD THO?
lemon stealing whore
Why would you assume that an alien civilization would construct something that even remotely looks like anything that a human thought of?
Dangerous to be right, when the government is wrong.
Bro, your comment is maf racist.
If you're in Indy it's probably for the best, PG13 aside.
PC market was around 1/4 of Xb1 and 1/10 of PS4
Mendes looks exactly the same under and before USADA.
Such a beta.
Godsent or Hellraisers get a major spot :( FeelsBadMan
Someone find Mr.Pence a safe space!
Blames Muslims for the things terrorists do.
Ohh shit you stole the words right out of my mouth.
83/84 overall, I get matched up with teams with multiple legends, no gronk or Julio yet tho.
He's only 63, is he sick?
probably went bust
Then they canned her for leaking questions but kept Wolf for the same stunt.
Well considering the HEAD OF CTR employs the guy in this video, I would say so!
Or maybe we don't want to waste resources and time on something the state hasn't been able to get hard evidence on.
The last 2 or 3 seasons have had a full-season running plot line so it's not just the same thing over and over again.
Is Yuuna's dad also named Top Dad?
It's... It's beautiful.
it's the only streaming service actually available in my country.
Seems like maybe its part of some Master Plan....
So first Lucio turns into McCree, and now we have McCree turning into Soldier 76
Naw because this is just a beta and it already looks great to me
How many people do you think you can kill in those 5 hours?
I don't know the name of the action but basically you continue working but employees charge customers nothing for sales.
^^^^^^^^^^GO!
Pray to Jesus
I took a year off after Wrestlemania XXX and I honestly feel like I missed very little.
Because I still think that is not a good pick compare with rewind, so I came out of few ideas.
I wonder what the blue carpet means.....
And he can fix all of them
No you wouldn't, professional announcers wear more makeup than pornstars.
I didn't use the
hmm makes sense.
Clinton's 'transgressions' as you put it are minuscule in comparison to what Trump has been doing for decades such as bankrupting small business suppliers out of their compensation, even recently when he practically invited the Russian FSB to hack the DNC servers.
#WE HAVE THE BEST NAZI LOVING FRIENDS, DON'T WE FOLKS?
[[Kairos]]
It says the Youtube earnings are added on the 15th each month, IIRC.
Does it happen to say "Don't apply directly to skin" on the pack?
Leading sports enthusiasts to videos of people dying.
Yeah, I'm sure a Michigan has forgotten about this.
They could start by asking their NATO allies, Lithuania and Latvia, to right the evil Stalin deeds by returning Wilno and Daugavpils.
Where/how can someone go about getting onto a Vanilla server?
Aye, I can't see jack shit on the mini-map even when I blow it up.
Is it equally high in attempts as well, or are people using more violent means?
I had one last 3 years and thought he was old.
I guess but the bank holds so many people.
I guess like the other guy said, he's friends with Coach K and went to Duke
Stafford for sure.
Hahaha it's a small world and you didn't even like my comment smh
It's happening!
And we're almost flat broke!
Shake it baby!
Positions btw not players
Again, I know about the recharge, but it's not the same as being able to hover with the boost.
Well, given that he fairly said leaving could pose some risk to peace and stability in Europe, and the tabloids printed that he said Brexit would lead to World War 3, I kinda get why.
Is that a pro mercy?
Inb4 witch hunt.
But... You clearly lived.
She needs to grease that hamster wheel, it is quite noisy.
Yeah, I remember being terrified of ITs, now it's just meh, i'll freeze it.
okay, your trolling was pretty good yesterday, but it's like 24 hours later and you have to start something new otherwise it just drags on.
I like how everybody finds their own unique reason to hate Trump
How did you know?
i need to watch this show just so i can field these questions
Pretty sure you can change that.
These are disgusting.
Seems pretty bigoted to me, sounds like those alt-right trolls.
But, of course, if the server side has access to any private data and it's not your own server, then it doesn't really matter if it is running open source.
I would trust zero parts of that roof as well.
that is utterly disgusting.
I've heard that a lot of retirement homes are full of sex thanks to the wonders of viagra.
Just call Sigint at 148.41 for the deets.
Ya man, don't you know that when you break your foot just take some aspirin and walk it off?
Adobo is delicious.
Reminds me of a raccoon.
.....
Nah, Soros loves our race, he has an Asian wife!
Nerevar should have come here!
But socialism just means a really big government.
That is why we believe so many heinous things about people like Sanders.
Your previous comment didn't seem to indicate you actually hold that belief.
it does very slightly resemble the flag of the British Union of Fascists
If that's the case, *Heller* is also void and you cannot have guns for personal or home defense.
Lol I love my Eastside Bronco Wrs but I would definitely take DT and Sanders over Marshall and Decker for the next 4 seasons including this one.
###!
If that's the case why didn't they include physical discs as well?
Oh Civ, never change.
Hell, even the word "indefinitely" in the title suggests that.
I'm a Sombra Main
Oh so sorry I thought it was someone else since I see people take others artwork commonly.
I've been pretty confident in her victory, but now that she's getting big crowds I'm worried..
Everyone knows that Hanzo is key to a well-rounded team composition
Except in PGH
Yep, that's why I left a comment.
Release Nemesis says "Hi".
*YOU'RE CORPORATE NO PAWN
Apparently my coworker who is seemingly always on break at the same time as me I'm sorry if this upset you
Lmao
Gotta love that first past the post electoral system.
Social justice one two three woo woo I wanna be PC woo woo It's just the way to be for me And you woo woo Your hateful slurs are through woo woo I call woo woo on you woo woo We'll fight until you're PC black and blue woo woo We are language police Fighting bigotry Hurtful words can suck our turds Coz it's PC for me And You woo woo YYYEEAHH FUCK YEAH PC BRO
Don't pretend you didn't reply in the wrong place first, then fixed it with this comment.
What I don't understand is, how is it okay for the smaller population to decide for the larger one?
Or 36
NFA DD
Your friendly neighborhood pubs officer!
Their article on how climate change is a hoax was pretty fucking retarded.
I dont even know what that is
Tons and tons of trading MLS silvers.
lol, appropriate for such a dark day...edgelord
The dad chuckled, he will tease his kid later
If it make a you feel any better, we can continue to call those that refuse to use new technologies luddites.
How bad did you beat him?
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck sports.
Because fuck those with allergies
Who are you, people ?
Got room for one more before it becomes weird.
a classmate
Thanks brother.
This sub is gonna keep on giving for a LONG time
Cheaper than widening I-70, and the line takes you into the heart of ski country.
Considering many people were killed trying to escape I think it was a case of self defense.
I'm sure the schools and services in Newark and Baltimore have been doing much better under their Democratic mayor, town council, and state legislature by comparison, right?
Snowden also exposed state secrets to foreign powers through (presumably) gross negligence.
Here we go again; vote manipulation ..
And you ignored the 'signd by' error on the agreement sheet... **UNINSTALLED AND LEFT A NEGATIVE REVIEW**
Have you tried eclipse ?
thats what she said
If you enjoy dubstep at all definitely check out illenium 3:45 Friday.
I mean, one of his biggest supporters, Rudy Ghoulliani is a transvestite so I'm sure he will be great for the gays.
but the government is doing it, so its not bad
It'd shift from short periods of chaos to somewhat longer periods of unstable order and it'd go on like that until people found a system that seemed to fit for the most part.
I hear troops love being led with people who've never had experience in politics or military!
I love the Disney font!
r/nottheonion
Mark Cuban can't ball for shit bruh.
Literally still on the front page.
you dropped your
She already made it clear that she doesn't want to, buddy.
Srsly, though...I'd buy that shit.
I wanna hang out and watch movies/read books/play chess in that sweet penthouse from the sequel
Feed your fucking dog mate.
What media is still talking about how she lost?
True
Multi nervosi prin Romania, s-ar pitea sa fi gasit cauza
Also if you're a man, ghost, dog, cartoon character you should vote for Clinton.
Do you want me to downvote sir?
No, the minion switches sides as soon as you hero power, no infinite combo possible
2fast2meta
Me too, and it's your mom's favorite position.
He's like a collection of insects infesting a bad suit.
Nice try, Big Candy.
Lies, everyone knows Jews control everything in the world.
Maybe he wants the fallen to peg us back a bit, sees us getting a bit too big for our boots performing tricks and dance moves on light armoured vehicles, ha!
So war profiteering.
Literally unwatchable.
I like it aside from the icons
Hint?
Shitpost much?
Starting to think that "bot" is actually a dude trolling people...
speculation
I guess I meant animal species, updated.
Incognito mode basically shuts off Cookies and Saved data, which is why you need to redo everything in your settings every time.
But... it's so obvious!
Not at all.
Exercising?
It's the difference between chopping down the tree and drying out the soil...
Gotta step up with some gimmick puppets
yes because people finding out trump's people did this would have no backlash and would really boost them.
DAT USERNEIM
Welcome to r/jokes
don't confuse Ass of the year with anime of the year.
I am very glad we are finally a positive rolemodel
Just because hunters have no table manners you cannot assume the same applies to monsters!
I dream of turboing an Iron Duke in a 94 Tempest.
Massive Faraday cage around the whole country.
It isn't even a decision, more than half of the time the dash flings cupid so far out of position that the steroid is not worth being sandwiched between the front-line and the back-line
He's not your buddy guy!
I'm going to catch diabetes AND my favorite pokemon!
Ready for the mosh pit, Shaka Brah.
you dropped this.
Same except I believe there has been proof that I've been able to see.
I'll take two!
Should but for some reason DICE was drunk when they "balanced" this out.
shhh... its sexism.. she actually is only being called about for corruption because shes a female....
Maybe, but He had a mental illness..
I need some context here
people have opinions you commie loser
The Catholic Church is literally Sauron
I think somebody started a rumor that Trump bought Disney
Sure, if Comey, Putin and Assange will do the same.
Collard Greenes?
but that document was clearly doctored... regardless, a guy with a name like Barack Hussein Obama is clearly the antichrist incarnate.
Congratulations, you just made the man delete his account.
Thats just pubic hair
winkyface must be the new
A reboot, got it.
Don't you know tanks are hard and are like wilting flowers that no one can succeed in!
Of course, the Russians made your dog poop where he shouldn't as well
Skip to Pearl Islands
Hahaha, Aspergers and neckbeards, hahaha lol so similar
lmao
wheels are clean af
You can't smoke no black and mild with me but you can shower with me
Sure, the short name changed but the full name is still Czech Republic
This is a good sign that we might not have to buy dlc for these achievements
Yeah man fuckin mellenials bosses never have unrealistic deadlines...
I would say she must be an engineer, but it really didn't take one to predict that outcome.
Ahaha has that many nat5s, doesnt post times anahah
It was the only way to contain **Elite Preseason Sniper Matt Hunwick**
Don't you peasants dare criticise dear leader.
isn't clearlove the best jg in the world ?
Great blocking
here you dropped this:
Look at those double digits, looks good on you
clear enough to speculate, vague enough to frustrate.. GG Capcom indeed..
Yes, but Europe is definitely socialist, right?
Follow my wife Follow I Follow my wife and I Follow my wife and ***ME***
C'mon man hanzos can only kill you by getting lucky not actual aiming skills or anything
Truly sorry for your loss.
fl-
Sweet tunes
Pfff Ronaldo should have tracked back he never plays for the team
outplayed git gud scrub
Just don't hit into them.
This would would amazing in a lot of decks, considering all the legendary dragons have insane power on their own, not considering that it costs 2 less.
NO ITZ 24 lurn ur stoof m8
That was action movie heroism right there.
Because they know even looking at him funny draws a roughing the passer flag
but .... CBC's This is That?
God's work, son.jpg
I left a pro-Breitbart message in the comment section :-) Match me!
Just pay to have the adds removed
You should be ashamed of your internalized misogny
Naw man, they just need retraining.
Not sure, haven't tried
I'm all about those DE Wins!
That would have been helpful.
This is by far the edgiest post I've ever read.......
Duh, it's called Nauru.
I feel like since they accidentally had the lootboxes show up on the xbox store that it's going to be quite soon, possibly even today.
Wow, never heard anyone mention that before here.
Do I need this to run Skyrim Special Edition?
Yeah, after all they wouldn't default a meme subreddit.
If they fixed it they'd lose Korea though.
Japanland!
Good, now we need another geographical profile of this unsub
And mobile cancer tablets.
It's no news that Russia ignores other countries' merits due to political attitude, the USA due to cultural attitude.
It was love at first gun point to the head.
Nearly, bars and the like wouldn't be able to sell it, but otherwise, that seems to be the case.
Aw, come on, CA is very big.
headshooting using strafing is a pretty good technique actually, in most peek fights you dont do that much aiming, you see where the head is posisioned and then you strafe, you have peek advantage, if you go vs a guy that has already set your head height and he starts straffing i believe he will likely kill you since you are trying to correct head height every time
Thank you all.
How tf do you even injure yourself at a golf tournament?
Don't worry, it is still beta
City?
How can I doubt them like that
It's comforting everything must end, even the universe itself.
Copyright claim from finebros coming your way
Well all blacks live in the inner city soooo....
Worst 11-1 team in NFL history
My age: 25 What do people make of this?
Buy it before hand since its legal, leave it sealed so you can get thru security, get a locker or use a friend's to keep it in the venue.
much much better to let the jobs leave.
There's a boot every half hour for the rest of the game, though.
I don't think it's fair to use dozens of comments made by conspiracy theorists to suggest that conspiracy theorists might like Jews, everyone knows that the conspiracy movement is about the truth not anti-semitism.
If that's the only reason you're glad, you really need to get your priorities in order.
Have you tried being attractive?
Yeah, I had to turn the channel and I mean they just slo-mo'ed that flashing light thinking that people don't have epilepsy or something, smh.
what about 5D?
Your Upkeep is before your Draw, by the way.
5/7 NORMIE
well look at it this way, if testicular torsion is covered by insurance but an orchi isn't then that's a pretty free loophole
Good input, free spirit.
Yup, ground speed check is one I havent heard.
First time I see someone getting 200m in a skill, looks very unsatisfying.
Cmon guys there are literally crazy people on this sub but this ones an obvious
Oh you can't call this out now, anti-semitism is illegal.
Glad I was able to clear that up for you
At least you got Shaq Fu.
My first teacher in primary school was called Mrs Reed, which I thought was hilarious because that's what she taught us to do
But HRC was against it!
Boat.
But they're smiling...
Yeah, its like she was asking for it.
inb4 helk shadowban
Will still be LIT
They were cracked
Maybe he just doesn't know when her birthday is?
well if tarantino said so it must be true!
The real question here is how can we blame this on Trump?
Yay more MACRA.
Obama has a press conference coming up, perhaps he will declare that next year is also 2016 and we have to redo the election!
SEHD NUDES?
Sorry....should've added
They probably can't even name 6 of Chance's albums.
All I see is a comment graveyard after mods nuked the thread
Nice you can get all the way to 1600x1024!
I'm personally always astounded by tao pai pai's ability to surf through the air on a log.
Send him to Guantanamo bay obviously, since he's a terrorist
I demand you do my research and provide me with proof.
ya only toxic to teammates now not enemy xd
If she is not a liability I don't know what is.
no ur fat
The entitlement is real.....
#3 sounds like dating advice haha
YOU'RE BLEEDIN' OUT
What average cost do you get with the 960m?
Yeah if only he could make high quality content like uberdanger and sky williams fight or flee.
Is it an easy 4.0?
Logic checks out.
Watch it now on YouTube in handy 5 minute installments.
How have we already forgotten the broken AP kog before Riot nerfed it 6.24
I never thought of holding a gun to a girls head until after she married me.
Why is everyone doing this now?
Because when we are not winning and I feel bad and I want everyone to feel bad too
bully seminar incoming.
we could just nuke the planet into nuclear winter
Of course not, we should just let Reddit groupthink decide who to nominate, it's never taking us wrong before.
Lindsey Stirling?
It's not propaganda if we benefit
like playing chess with a pigeon
Started with drinking in the corner (because stereotypes), but got involved in the fight because America is involved Australia
Mmm taxpayer money well spent
He did nazi that coming
Oh he's hurt!
You dropped your
This, I have almost exactly half of the OP's collection, but I only play Empire.
It's because apparently Germany, UK and France were already taken over by Muslims years ago.
Yea and Tyreek Hill has one carry for 68 yards, he's gonna be a pro bowl running back!
We wouldn't want native Europeans to defend themselves...that would be bad.
Wow nice establishment propaganda you CUCK
And the Giants still can't win a damn thing.
Because I didn't get to see it and everything is about me, okay?
he wears red sneaks wadup with that
Dude there is more than one picture chill
Damn those people who care too much
I used to think that too, and I still think that.
Then it didn't have to do with the blocks
You didn't shit it out yourself, so your feelings don't matter
SS done right!
Yes
Because all REAL challenger players never make any mistakes and are mechanical robots without human emtions
I'd especially like if those covers went into detail about how a $1000 pair of sunglasses can help you offer an authentic blues experience
Pedophilia in the highest circles of government is impossible and has never happened before
I'm sure a decent number of users jumped to the big Pixel.
But, but, it's all about Jesus' love for you!
Sorry, I forgot NU was the premier competitive format
I can't wait till a year from now when adidas releases a boost version of these and resell skyrockets
Forgot the
I actually forgot his name(no need to remember)
What kind of sandwich?
Missed the
That was.. dark.
Lmao damn bro I was surprised when my other YouTube channels were mentioned and the cringe part but yeah of course I remember
Flophouses = Flip-Flopping = He's pivoting!
Victor probably has to read lines or something.
and Sicilian pistachio!
Yeah, my pokemon card opening days as a kid have fed into my addicted pack opening ways now
Because Metroid sells millions of consoles and fuck Nintendo for not giving me exactly what I want
BRENDAN!
Luffy who is not on admiral level yet is getting the upper hand on big moms executive , and Jack is sleeping with the fishes after clashing with admirals.Marco on the other hand managed to kick an admiral who possesses the power of light accros marine fold , block akainus attack and take a direct hit from garps fist , borsalinos lasers and still get up like it's fucking nothing.Jozu with his diamond fruit and haki is probably close to invincible and this is just a speculation but could probably win against both jack and cracker as they are using brute force and weapons in combat rather then elemental attacks.We don't know how strong ace is because he got beat by blackbeard who is probably the main antagonist so he has plot armor + his devil fruit is one of the strongest in the series.
Punished u/ElderlyPossum
inb4 "rwby is not an anime cause it's not made in japan!!!"
Alright, but what about your opinion on The Raven?
I don't know about you, but I at least knew the Szemeredi regularity lemma before I even saw it in my undergrad elective graph theory course
Just like the humor in the joke.
Or putting the paper in up side down.
Hahaha those jokes never get old
Sad!
Raw Data for the Vive (and hopefully Rift) does support multiplayer, and you can sword fight each other in it in the loading lobby.
Remember kids, reddit is a privilege, not a right.
Just wait till we take care of Michigan
Maybe it is because of your capslock
They're following me to work from Richmond obviously
No, you are an illegal.
Because they're brown and the Satanic West loves to oppress brown people.
Oh, only $159, sounds like a bargain!
Yes, north of portage is frightening.
But...but they should be free and Apple should swallow the costs of R&amp;D and manufacturing because I am mad about the lack of headphone ports and they should only please me!
Totally vindicated.
I too saw the video.
I've read them both, it wasn't a serious suggestion, but he wrapped up Wheel of Time quite nicely when it was out of control.
Good to see Sony throwing money at the important third party exclusives
I wouldn't have guessed from your username
I don't see how you could have been late, three seconds isn't a very large amount of time.
You're racist only when you're white.
lol ya let him just wake up at 30 and try out for a professional sport
Those people with the Trump signs risking people attacking them and damaging their property have more courage than apple ditching the headphone jack
can I wear my hawks jersey when we play a central team?
And clearly "rude gestures by some sailors" and "spying on a country" are on the same level
Ahh yes rust is well known for being realistic
Obviously Target's fault for her hurting herself by picking up a needle in the parking lot left by a drug addict
but.. but... but... it's a Christian school, it cant' be...
This is madness!
Because throwing thousands of dollars at the game will make you better than someone who has spent $0.
There is a Toronto BLM, they mostly just disrupt traffic and the pride parade, doing real important work
I believe the EE song "Archangel" on Origins had a similar lyric top this
DLC 5 has been announced as a PS4 exclusive	Despite feelings about the ending. This kind of made my day. 0	How is this a fun fact?	Sh*t 1	Yeah they really helped out Haiti.	not disappointed, this was exactly what I expected to be. They dedicated two blocks to this travesty, interviews are supposed to be informative, we're supposed to walk away knowing something we didn't know before. This interview didn't do that and it wasn't funny one bit. Trevor asked Bills opinion on three pointless pre-approved topics, all this appearance was for was to make uniformed viewers believe that the Clintons are good people, that's why Bill bragged about helping Africa, they aren't good people. 1	If I have learned anything because you have a cold you will be dead by the end of the day or you are already dead and your body double is now posting for you.	the reaction to humans of new york makes me think so. she has the respect of tons of women (and men) because we all share a common experience. i cried in the shower this morning bc i have a stuffy nose so she has least has my sympathy vote. 0	Yet another reason I will never eat crab, chicken or tuna salad, ever.	Great. Now I have this image of the doctor brushing her teeth with it. 1	Please tell me what other requirements there are to your rubric so that I can go investigate and send you my research.	I'm talking at rallies here where he is on his own. obviously a staged speech at the convention will be very thought out. 1	But that would be rape.	tap on the shoulder would've sufficed.. 1	The pokemon anime is still going?	Unpopular opinon; I don't care what happens with the anime as long as the games are good, anyone else feel the same? Based on recent trailers, SUMO will probably be the best in the series. A complex plot very out of place for Pokemon and more akin to JRPGs, alchemy, etc etc, make me think this. The games look amazing. 1	glad to have you here	Don't worry in a few days you won't have to think back that far 1	Oh but but but that doesn't mean you're not an iPhone fanboy.	4,4s,5. HTC m7 g3 v10 s6 note 7 1	Because they are only the best and greatest websites, right?	North Korea Accidentally Lets World Access Its Internet And It Only Has 28 Websites 1	I'll give you 100m if you figure it out	I think Woox had something to do with Litt's ban... 1	Nice choice of font for the tutorial	Taking the perfect photograph in GTA V (xpost r/gaming) 1	This is an early 2000 DaimlerChrysler car so technically it can use the badge.	I can't put my finger on it, but this Mercedes looks a little off. 1	id?	They're here! 1	Beating up white people equals solving racism obviously.	BLM agitators strip man naked, beat, kick and drag him through a Charlotte, SC parking garage. 1	Sure.. with such an important issue you would certanily expect them to respond immediately...	What an amazing response time from their customer service! 0	I have a 500GB Samsung Evo	SSD will make it faster btw 1	well yes but those are cheaty pow lifting good morning squats	Ya, I get it after getting into heavy back squats again. 1	powerlifters are just doing weightlifting assistance exercises anyway	Squat is an assistance exercise for her anyway 1	$300M more to break even.	#SuicideSquad stays in Top10 for 8th straight wknd. Ties #Deadpool for longest streak for any comic book pic this yr. $318.1M dom cume 1	Gotta fill that gender wage gap somehow.	She's building a tax base to fund the rest of her life after her looks drop off a cliff. 1	Obviously that's what I meant.	Clinton won't get your vote because the DNC filed a motion to dismiss with a standard legal argument? 0	Liberate the Doggoteriat.	A must read for every comrade pupper and doggo. 1	She's just brainwashed by the patriarchy.	Oh yes they can. He's sexist because reasons. They won't let a little fact like his hiring a woman for a key position defeat the narrative. 1	yes because hillary is the beacon of truth, she never lies..	At first glance, you'd think Trump. This is because he has a much higher false/truth ratio than Clinton. However, the large majority of Trump supporters are not swayed by any negative results of fact checking. They trust him to figure it out when he gets there, and like him for his unfiltered rhetoric. 1	I bet all her mom friends love her, she must be such an nice person to be around.	If you don't get fat, everyone will hate you. 1	haha thats hilarious	Check the username. 1	Yeah, it's totally made up	Lol the Chinese boogeyman hysteria again. 1	But the janitor does a shitty job of cleaning so we just get rid of him and then everyone will clean up after THEMSELVES.	You say that like monopolies don't form regularly in unregulated markets, and as if the behavior and abuses of said monopolies are not the reasons we enacted regulations in the first place. 1	nobody cares	I was in the video of r15 (not to brag) now to wait til someone says nobody cares 1	I didn't know Zekt had brothers!	Doge Frontier 0	Even more when they're ahead at the end of the game ;)	The game thread is gonna get crowded when Arkansas is ahead in the 2nd or 3rd quarter. 1	He hires the best people	Then it's a gross miscalculation because women are a way bigger voting bloc than Cubans or charity wonks. 0	How much are you asking for the champs NMDs?	I have some of the Champs exclusive NMDs in size 11. Also have some Chalk UBs in 11.5 just to let you know. 1	Na yo those are caves where mohammed did sacred islamic traditions the jews have no rights to it cause they just showed up in the 20th century	Caves in Which Jewish Revolt Rebels Hid From Romans 2000 Years Ago Found in Galilee 1	Ha ha you saying this like DE ever intended to do a proper rework for Saryn and not a kneejerk nerf...	Saryn's Spores should interact with all forms of Toxin Damage. Playing a lot of Saryn I've run into a sort of wall. My weapon choice is always shoe horned into using a Gas/Toxic build. Normally that wouldn't be a problem, unless you run into high level Grineer. Now my weapon is borderline useless against high level Heavy Grineer units and I'm stuck waiting for my DOTs to finish it off. I propose that, like Toxin/Gas, 25% of the weapons Corrosive/Viral damage is spread as Toxin damage amongst Saryn's Spores. This way players have more of a choice of what Damage type to bring to battle when playing as Saryn. 0	Uncomfortable with the direction" aka landslide victory for trump
Yeah, Allen's lacerated kidney last season should have been a red flag
Probaly a laggy killcam, hitreg and other issues dont exist
reported for unsporting behaviour
Totally understand, I would be pissed if someone sold me a piece of toast with Jesus' face on it.
here, you dropped the
If he doesn't wear the key how would he get back into the room?
Truly is a tragedy....
We will soon find out........
Dust Boar
Sony Xperia?
Totally agree, I was explaining his options primarily for the purposes of showing him why it was unlikely.
Because putting yourself at risk for STD by hopping on every other dick you see and lowering those risks greatly by saving sex for a committed relationship are totally both disgusting worthy behaviors
Meh, not THAT impressive.
*hamburglary
wat?
Or Jonny Knoxville
I'm sure this is 100% legit
Wait, you're telling me that 99% of the population doesn't care about specs?
I do miss the speed limiter otherwise I like it.
[REQUEST] Can someone make this 2h GIF of Terminator 2 as a respring animation?
Sounds like somebody didn't have any art.
This should include those horrible electronic cigarettes, too!
Self-driving motorcycles when?
Which you presumably counter by including jurors who've beaten up their daughters in similar circumstances rather than assuming that they are capable of consensual relationships...?
just use mzeus noob
What was the IV
I know from first hand experience that the non-fancy parts of the plane are simply a sea of debauchery... cause you know we are the unclean masses you never have to come into contact with... it's cause we are stupid and unwashed.... thank God (the God of poor not your rich God) someone said something...
Only the greatest captain in the history and future of Starfleet.
Sorry.
Not even for sparkle crotch?
I think they were there overnight and it was with his son Owen.
Except those Palmer fans who are not, but fuck 'em amirite?
Nope, it shall be the one thing in all of comics that will never change.
You need to craft each piece individually, I doubt that you will need to equip all six legendary armor pieces to get the effects if every piece have its own animation.
Nice ignoratio elenchi :)
because they use Samsung memory modules
If you're not scared to lose a fist fight, you've already won in most situations.
Mid-game trade brewing?
I'd love to think of what Britain would look like without nuclear weapons, because everyone knows that MAD was a complete failure of a policy right
I see Tom Hardy.
Man those 4 gideons they always have in their hand is such a pesky problem.
The Final Solution.
safe to say not with apple it isn't
Archlinux packages
Its a joke i forgot my
Ikr I totally agree, they need to stop over-sexualizing roadhog and especially junkrat smh
To hinder the ISIS air force.
It's obvious... The old one for sure!
Great, now that song is stuck in my head.
Sounds like you're describing Reading, UK
Found the CNN Cuck.
Trump is not going to destroy globalism.
She'll be free once the newest model comes out.
The lesbians I know seem happy.
Was it Pizza the Hutt's palace?
Chiapas as well
Obama played his race card, Hillary's playing her woman card so Americans are playing their Trump card.
The bomber buff changes a lot, destroys a lot more troops that did survive.
I think most people are surprised, considering everyone considered them to be a top 10 team.
G.G.
So bright, people in your path will probably die of skin cancer before you even roadkill them.
Hopkins, cam, Josh Gordon.
and every mention of a bee in the script, leads to a replaceent to the nutshack theme which is replaced by the entire bee movie script which every bee is replaced by a binding of isaac run but every time NL says "bad damage" the nutshack theme starts over again
Plenty of fish etc...
I'm sure Trump will handle incidents like this with logic, reason, and tact.
Hitler hated Slavs though.
*minute.
I feel like a legitimate DOOM twitter would be hilarious if it was in-character
A good doggo but A faithful companion but The question is what
Why the fuck is this not getting attention...damn trumpes.
KeK
A good mixture of protein, fiber, and carbs makes for a great suppository that helps cut back on the need to eat.
graveyard was the Halloween card.... smh...
But it's "Racial Realism"
You could always get BO1 instead, less hackers and better matchmaking
What's the pun
A fly.
The assaults AT rocket gun is really good, especially for shooting the people inside the airship.
If you're not American, British, French, Canadian, or Australian, you're a goddamn commie.
Meanwhile there is a HUGE shortage in French Immersion schools...
~~especially her MM growths~~
Ok but not from trump, I don't want him trying to stick his younger in my ear
Have you only been paying attention to the 40% that is neither good nor bad, but not necessarily between the two?
of course it does, for maximum emotional effect.
IM A FUCKING WHITE MALE
Cesaro and Sheamus probably.
Dead^
relavant username
Lemurs?
There is nothing in Christianity to prevent you from watching a video you disagree with.
Only because Gokus has "fainted"
I knew it was bad but that is terrifying, it sounds like a legit war zone
Considering that the only games my girlfriend plays are HOMM, Skyrim, Pokemon and Fire Emblem, this would be perfect.
France is a Muslim country.
booooo I already own this game so this is shit
True presidential temperament
..Oh wow
No, but the drawings you have done of it are.
Insurance would cover the damage, just as it does now.
How can mediums talk to the dead when they always die N1?
It's a hell of a thing...
Haha, Not nearly enough!
See the comment above, I wonder if they went to your address
Yes, but it has a higher interest rate.
Because it was illegally operating?
It was, but I *also* love that mental image.
Aren't those two different jobs?
I wouldnthink a typically sighted person should be able to tell the time on a 12 hour face even upside down
PGT for a reason...
Blowing up al the sarcasm deposits....
The best part about this is people not bringing that "McHale is a good coach" trash over here anymore.
Aleppo.
The sun's within the US airspace, so...
Chuckled under my breath, 10/10 meme
Or they could've actually looked it up because it's a relatively obscure word and figure out what it was.
these people aren't fucking people :P
But that insight requires a certain degree of political savvy.
There isn't a single demographic or region where Kenny wins.
My best bet is next summer, when the official soundtrack comes out.
What a classy bunch
Because in practice that's exactly what it means.
ur filtyz skum bee taken mah jerbs, u godarned wopperdoodle
Probably more level 229 random items exactly the same as is constantly dropping everywhere else in the game, nothing less, nothing more :/
It's funny how you don't understand what im trying to convey XDDDDDDDDDDDDD
You can't understand Uganda culture
More often than not, you get someone with no clue on how to play rein on your team, like the guy wastes his shield just standing in the open taking shots, doesn't call when fire striking, etc
Yeah, go play with any of his card and take a massive power swing and miss.
How would it be wrong to assume that native Germans would be white?
Yes its not really that similar to anywhere else.
Egotism
Cops in the rear view.
I loved this series, but christ it took like 3-4 books to start getting a handle on what the hell was going on in the world.
You are really proving your points well
Should've hooked the leg.
I feel like i got punched in the stomach by my emotions after seeing the ending.
**WE SHIT ON THEM WE BACK BOYSSSS**
looking forward to that!
I don't know where this really belongs, but it deserves to be seen.
You won the internet today buddy, this is the best thing I've ever seen.
Because they find it more fun than osu!std ?
This is a really dickish post imo... I think reddit is the real cringe this time.
He feared for his life.
I would be genuinely surprised if the Russians haven't put a nuke into the Crimean Peninsula yet.
California?
She's a persecuted woman
New york heat can't melt hillary clinton!
LOL
Thank you my friend
Golden axe is the only way to go.
Well the government is sure to give in now.
Actually Gary Johnson, didn't know I needed to use
This is a 3 month old story, why would Samsung just ignore this phone if there was a problem?
American political philosophy sees the institutions that provide positive freedoms as inherently threatening to negative freedoms.
ITT: insecure Americans taking shots at China in an article having nothing to do with them.
He can support the team by winning the game for them.
Okay.
You need to learn the definition of the word then..
And a 4th next year.
The red / pink is a bit fierce.
Touche.
It is now socially acceptable to curl up alongside someone and cuddle and completely ignore them the next day.
I am having a similar issue, however mine is stuck on the loading screen at 65%.
Life is strange is such a Great game, what did you most like about it ?
Dude, spoiler tag that stuff
My mom put me up for adoption, and didn't tell my sister.
Yessir, you can read.
Yeah i'm sorry :(
The v6 will last to 400 xxxkm
Next rework: "Ryze has found the duplicitous Fake-out rune - when you ult, you disappear IRL for the next 10 seconds, and Faker briefly plays your account for you."
Yeah, I'm sure.
2edgy4me
Already leaving Minny for the better young team, I see
Take 60mg you will do your homework for the rest of the semester and it will feel like 5min
Yes, it's totally awesome how so many people are apparently going to voting based on ignorance.
I don't know about you, but I can easily lift a piano in one hand while carrying my car in the other.
Hope it's all 2000 miles of BRICK!
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.jpg
Prince Malchezaar follows deckbuilding rules, so no duplicate legendaries or legendaries from other classes.
*Onward *Rec Room *Project Cars
lmao i cant buy kush at a shopping mall tho
Clearly those are forgeries just like Trump's Belichek letter
As long as worse players aren't being used instead I don't think people will care as much
isnt it one for the balcony, one for the corridor, one for the room ?
Did you report them for leaving early?
eww no girls need to stay in the kitchen where they belong
America's best,.. those 2 choices.
From your comments, you think racism is okay, so I take it nobody's ever been racist to you and that you're just a sheltered white kid with white friends.
Just so you know, even with the windows fully down, cars get incredibly hot.
Once again, how does ID help if the final count is changed?
please mark nsfw
He "borrowed" his camera
Must be a PvE only player trying to make a statement
can i see your bant list please?
This will be good for memecoin.
I like the idea, doesn't seem possible atm though.
**F**
*100% of the games have player to plant interactions this shows that people value them and they are core to the gameplay*
Yeah... we'll just leave that to law enforcement discretion.
This is body shaming.
It also shows that banning it is a good strategy...
ITT: Jelly School, class of 2016.
I'm 1h30 late for work because I watched this.
You hold your tongue, Sir... My NCIS/Big Bang Theory, bling, and KFC are my American Right!
He said 1600 exclusive hours, he subtracted the multi logged time
Michelle Obama said her and the President's codenames on that Carpool Karaoke segment with James Corden she was on.
Way far away but an internet toast is sufficient
Yeah, well, the American public likes people who weren't captured, so all those namby-pamby so-called 'heroes' who get taken by the enemy can just stop whining and go home
but it might make him gay
let me know when transexuals have done as much fucked up shit in public bathrooms as US Senators/Representatives have and I'll begin to worry
and thanks to mil/billion level of irresponsible consumption rising sea levels and much more violent hurricanes will make it uninhabitable in 20-40 years.
Jesus I'm on a mobile app and that read like this (-72 = +49) and I was really fucking confused.
Oh ya sure you betcha!
I'm asking more in the fact that I have watched half or more of their videos, and either I'm A) completely blind to racism B) you are making it up or C) you and I have completely different definitions of racism.
If we are getting 200 yards on the ground you might not.
OP you look exactly like a friend of mine it's uncanny, the only thing is he can't even grow a beard.
They are all part of Russia aren't they?
What?
Would drawing from your oppenents deck cause fatigue damage for them if they have no cards?
Also a rapper!
What's your experience/thoughs with the steam controller, in general?
I mean that's only a continuity error if you assume that all the characters are speaking completely precisely and accurately at all times; I find it easy to assume the characters are not worried about the precise details, but they're getting the gist right, like people speaking IRL.
Because beggar need not pay taxes.
I'll bet you the cost of a HF winch, some welding wire, some steel and a beater Civic that I can do it in a beater Civic
It is an american hang up, it is used all the time in the UK
Atomkraft differenzierter betrachten; objektiver Vergleich realistischer Vor- und Nachteile - entgegen des extrem emotional gelenkten angestrebten Atomaustritt.
Had that happen far too many times.
TIL thanks
You don't know Hockey.
Then we'll station guards every 100 feet to shoot them down like clay pigeons.
OMG both characters said goodbye at some point, they must be the same person
Refresh the page?
I got this reference.
The hate would go away if some of your fan base and your school would just never mention JoePa.
Next week: If you still own a Note 7 president Obama is personally gonna come to your house and punch you in the face.
do you know that is way better than no job though?
Its 24 now.
This guy fucks
If they did, they wouldve done that with soul of cinders weapon
Why not every team at every position.
Date 11-18-14 I'm sure this is legit and your picture
Nah man you just have to walk in and talk to the manager, fill out an application and BAM new job!
Seems like Facebook to me
damn tree hugger!
...Willy Wonka and the Chocolate factory.
Tosh.0 is basically what you are talking about, except it's weekly instead of annually.
better chair
DJ Sona is the most effective version
She should really cut it out.
Risky click of the century
Exactly
Thinking about getting one myself and was wondering what you thought of them?
But we should give him a chance!
Took a while for me to realise i didnt need to sort through my shit to retrieve my shiv everytime......
Bullshit, Walter, mark it eight.
I'm lovin' it :D
Wonder what the persons recommending Mustafas are saying now?
Well, she only fell down once.
Oh of course
I've found out that the Republicans are not always the bad guys.
Funny thing - I live in Europe and haven't seen non only chip machine in a looong time.
If our offense could just remove their heads from their asses, that would be great.
Lol No what exactly are you talking about?
In 4 years
I own you slave
Thatll teach ya to speak in generalities.
Placed in bronze, but honestly feel like I belong in Grandmaster, so that's how I voted
:/ damn sorry man, if it makes you feel better my game is glitched, my players Skelton pops out of his skin, so every time I crouch my screen goes red from looking into my own body haha like it's in playable at this point lol
I just want to know how he didn't hear them coming
please take a seat over there
I think he forgot putting
It's no fun beating you guys if you're missing your best player.
Fortunately the job has qualifications listed and Jill Stein meets those qualifications.
Any funny stories from the marines?
Only Americans use Reddit, didn't you know?
It's always a great idea to stereotype entire states' worth of people based on one's personal experience!
Austin Allen has thrown 15 TD's for over 1600 yards and nearly 65% completion, in addition to only throwing 2 picks outside the Bama game, where he was forced to throw all day (and put up 400yards against them).
Marriage is one (male sim) and one (female sim)!.
We need to go wider
When I looked it was only a few sources were discussing it and faux news was one.
Welcome to government employment.
Happened to me pretty early on; at the motel that you deliver Cindy's package to.
Eww lava hound
No Ness no game
maybe qt stopped playing him
I want to see if it tastes of strawberries.
1v5 outplayed and outsmarted
Dude she has a QUEER FAMILY MEMBER cut her some slack
Stupid comment.
No, only 36% humidity, it's pretty nice.
Tier 2 option for sword core?
Bakeries and convenience stores in Asia all do this.
i sure loved every second of it
Yeah because only white kids at his school can paint their own parking space
Because that's the way to do things in life.
No they're meant to hold grain
Probably a pick 6 since his arm was coming forward.
I have no problems at all while my brothers are having unplayable framerates on the same xbox, really strange bug.
I put out a feeler to a rebuilding team and he said he saw Allen and KBenj on the same level (currently WR #23 on trade calc) so you're in the right area, I think.
In my opinion, Warband for single player, and either Warband or With Fire and Sword for multiplayer
A good camera helps but I think you're only a strategic crop and slight color enhancement away from a fantastic photo.
to be fair, the kid was black.
End of thread
This is honestly my favorite comment in this thread.
So you can teleport to your base from any space station, and I've heard but not confirmed that you can set waypoints on the galactic map.
Totally over reacting
Actually there were some deaths involved in the Apollo program, just none on flights.
we are invading Somalia again... he did this on the same day we declared war in that region again.
Same :/
but their PK though
Don't forget Gale of Darkness where you can literally steal Pokemon from other trainers.
If Breaking Bad took place in Texas, Walter White would just drink holy water until he dies
That belongs to C9
They should both still give out gifts, to my knowledge.
Zack sabre junior, I found him boring
Good thing educated lefties are too intelligent to be swayed by this idiocy.
i started when whitehead fumbled
More than my entire gaming setup right there
Your face is illusory ohhhhhhhh
DROP CHRISTINE MICHAEL BOYS, CJ SPILLER IS TAKING ALL THE SNAPS!
Ayyy!
just not about to be bragging that I'm one.
Another good way to bleed is to park on a steep hill facing up and add fluid/bleed.
My SE has the TSMC chip but im sure both chips are nearly identical in performance, especially since the SE pushes less pixels than the 6S
Maybe the ram still works
But, why?
- **ID:** 942 025 375 - **P-lvl:** 297 - **Notable Captain(s):** SW Ace(4Max), 6\*Lucci(3Max, no CC), Fujitora(max CD), 6\*Doffy(3Max, SP:5), 6\*Borsalino, 6\*Law(3Max), IntHawk(max CD), Rayleigh, WB, SW Shanks, 6\*Aokiji, Corazon, 6\*Marco, Bartolomeo, Sabo, 6\*Blackbeard, 6\* Jimbe(max CD), Cavendish - **Looking for:** Fujitora, Lucci, Borsalino, Law, Blackbeard
I didn't realize Hollywood was so far from Cape Canaveral.
Although I kinda think it would be a shame if such a decision on which of their historic characters to bring to the nexus, would make a lot of business sense for Blizzard to do this.
John Podesta was Hillary's Campaign Manager
Can we just crusade these backwards fuckers yet?
literally the Grinch
Careful, calling them deplorable is what makes them vote for Trump.
I didn't realize the world was filled with so many racist white supremacists.
I would only use it as a cleanser in the morning, or if you haven't gone outside all day so you didn't wear sunscreen or makeup.
mao killed at least 7 billion people #facts #truth #suckmydickcommies
What's taters, Precious?
Is this a mobile game?
maybe next year we can just scrap the whole team and sign every free agent there is
But *maybe* if we just give them a little more money... *maybe* it'll work.
Varane may have outrun Auba last game, but you can't catch muthafucking reus!
Considering his ratings have been dismal then yea I say politics matters
Run the VM on AWS, just to fuck with them.
As it should be
I'm all for it.
You're fired.
Yes because it is very very hard and exhausting to hold down the mousebutton at teammates.
but american jobs
Yep, it is.
The sparring videos were from very early in his training, he'll be a lot further along now.
Fold the franchise.
How else will Mirage be of any use?
From many angry message board rants?
This basically, I can fire a couple of lose shot at the enemy with my sniper and they probably won't peek out from cover cus a sniper shot is always high damage, if you fire lose shots with any other weapon the enemy knows they can take a bullet or 2 so the chance they pop up and return fire is higher TL;DR: snipers are the best weapons to suppress the enemy
Then they'll dominate those industries, as employers hire them more and more.
Shouldn't this be used to establish the prices of the RL marketplace?
... you don't say...
aapcares was trending last tym I saw on Twitter
it was shared with me - I've seen some of this elsewhere and I am assuming none of it is top secret and figured the sub would be interested.
AA who?
Haven't they said in interviews that the roster is already set?
As a northerner, good manners and hospitality are not unique to the South.
Yeah just like how you're not cheating now
If you only workout your legs once a month you don't have to worry about slow leg recovery.
Uhh... FALSE FLAG FALSE FLAG!
Oh no that sounds horrible
Just another thing Apple isn't compatible with
I was thinking the same effing thing.
Seems legit!
Hey bro I was joking - thanks for being such a solid poster
We got downvoted lol
Ducky's are solid boards, nice purchase
Well, obviously you need to use some sort of joke tag to make that clear
Women totally don't displace one's best friends from one's life
Yeah, Alaska and Hawaii.
Oscar and Oliver The only two I could think of in a pinch
Nope, you are the first to notice, congrats
But I'm a better driver when I've smoked some weed!
You forgot this:
r/Me_irl
You don't have to have casual sex, drugs, or alcohol to live your life fully.
Did You Know?TM The human eye doesn't see beyond 30fps
Fuck yay
Yah he hates his daughter !
That is only a reward when life is hell I guess
Eternally
Yes
TT is saving our ass rn
Yeah we get it already you're an engineer
I don't actually believe in ghosts, I made the remark about myself in jest, so no - it hadn't crossed my mind, but I'm always open to being proven wrong.
WTF BOYCOTT CHIA REEEEEEEE
Those are jokes you are being serious.
Except for clinton who obviously got rich by eating babies
Goddamn millenials!
Yea, but how can play multiplayer games online without a monthly subscription fee?
Yeah rocketing towers as troops walk by is hard as fuck
check out chesthole32 - it's pretty big
and salaries are climbing!
Crash Course English 101: Spelling With John Green
Either women SJWs are ugly and unwanted or just sluts btw this is totally not sexism at all, just DA TRUTHS
Fucking brilliant deflection.
I hear his name might have been Employment, but that may be a mistranslation.
What did you expect when Ziggy and Ziz all promoted it before the league started
I think I'd rather have a bicon, but he's not too bad for a 2/2.
And no outcry whatsoever on reddit, interesting.
Luckily, all those suffering people had Teresa there to make the calls for them
You can't crush a PS4
But how will people know how fucking cool I am if I'm not chucking massive as tits clouds?
Why are there so many referees on the field?
Did you forget to draw the rest?
mythic + isnt out yet comes out same time as the raids release
think he forgot
You forgot the
Fuckin liberals and their no tolerance for curse words
No luck, these pre sale codes were sure worth it!
*proceeds to wash dishes*
I know, McAfee would have been sooo much better
Check your privilege!
Murdock has no eyes bruh
Sarcasm
If Monty's actually evil then he might just become my favorite villain ever, passing up good ol' Handsome Jack (Borderlands)
But what about Tebow?
Stoning women for getting raped...yes what a progressive country, indeed.
The Fusion suit and Light suit are my favorites, and the Maxed-out PED suit was really cool too.
It wont be after tonight
Cigarette butts and paper.
Sexist!
Sally is publically indecent in a diner.
But it can't be pointless, it gives 1,600 points when used
People are over looking a major fact, we have NEVER lost in the newly renovated stadium
Because when I think of true strength, I think of an old hag with pneumonia.
I believe he meant 7" not 7'
to visit the official forums of course
You learned a little about ancient architecture and now you believe that there was progress before the enlightenment?
It is perfectly normal to fear something that has clearly stated they want to kill the non believers and are carrying out those actions daily around the world.
What a new and original joke
Winnipeg meetup when?
God just ruins everything, doesn't he?
Yeah, lets replace the beautiful Singapore skyline with a rolex ad, that will look cool
FILTHY WEEABOO
I agree, Caveira and Shield Operators have went too long without a gun
He only took 3 steps though.
I can confirm- see my post above.
Don't you hate it when Israel tries to make the Nazis look bad?
Oh come on guys, its not as big of a flop as Suicide Squad is, even though Suicide Squad made 3 times as much on a slightly higher budget.
Plus when you faint at the sight of all that blood and slime ... you know there will be trained medical staff standing right next to you to help
Get yourself ready for some boogers and cum.
Gotta circlejerk about how we want our dicks groped by strangers, obviously
More importantly, where's Pip?
What?
ninjagamers 389 titan, (half way to 390) already done the raid on my hunter
Yeah, but he was wicked smaht.
I actually think they're gonna go on a 32 game unbeaten streak and take back to back premier league titles, Kante was only holding them back
I'm sorry, but there is only one provider in your area, so...
Wow, click/buybait on journalism, it's extreamly new in this industry!
That's the job he wanted
YHe guyvsyhh hbgyyyyyy
You'll need Gjallahorn if you want to do any end game trials.
Yeah, gotta give the deplorables a chance to harass and threaten them!
That's just crony capitalism
You dropped your
Same, I could do without "as a super fan...." every sentence.
Too much splitting wood in the forest like a jackass.
I think personal defensive CDs are bullshit.
No man if you're not getting maimed or killed you're not really longboarding!
Obviously if you have terrible pain you should just get knocked up - You'll be treated faster
OMG, New Mexico endorses child pornography!
Nothing, but it doesn't matter because Hillary.
I'm gonna hope you just accidentally left out the
Shhh we hate oil on Reddit
howl
What an unpopular opinion
thanks
CNN's.
The free market is a wonderful and beautiful thing... until it stops marketing to white people, then we need the government to intervine.
For trading
The obvious conclusion is that we should privatize the justice system.
Well that would just be stupid
You forgot the
You're just a paid crisis actor used to cover up false flag domestic terrorism to push your anti gun laws!
And Mei should reset ice block after every kill
season pass gives you all four map pack to be released with IW.
Yes...
No he's white
Given how you are reacting to others in this thread, I would have lied also.
SO you'll claim it's true again in a week...
Have you guys seen this shitty ketchup squirting robot?
Ok, but who would start, Teddy or Derek?
God, don't you know all dogs are boys and all cats are girls?
To innovative
I hate race mixing too.
Slut shaming is super cool guys
I thought Pacers fans were optimistic about this season, I saw a lot of you guys saying your team improved significantly
Shoulda voted labor then aye
Nah mate hard cut off at 4 years, nothing less will do.
Are you trying to say that men and women aren't equal?
It's not, the only one who would accept the royal marriage offer is Mexico, and Trump wall will stop that from happening
Yeah his ancestors got to rape prisoners or war, they were so much cooler than this nerd!
Ahead of schedule Where the schedule said they'd be finished by the time toddlers today are wearing adult diapers.
With your dick, obviously...
We wuz been pushing by the white man created hurricanes n sheet
It's our own fault, the liberal agenda we shoved down their throats is provoking an allergic reaction and has to go out somewhere.
the conspiratorial mind a weak mind that gives more credence to flights of fancy than facts and reality
Yay for stunt doubles.
i got dual GTX 1080's just so i could max out GTA 3 and run it at 600 FPS
Didn't grab the facemask....
Yes it is a stupid card but they wouldn't ban it.
I thought the video was faked
All those downvoters can tell!
Nah its a canvas
Honestly the part I'm most looking forward to are all the hotties I'll be picking up on my layovers.
What Hail Mary?
Slash should just do away with mana, we already ruined the integrity of the game with maphacks and no drop
Well, how else is she supposed to make it through the day?
Corey Lewendowski showed it is OK, because he was never charged.
Because this is a championship team that is only missing a QB as its final piece to make a Superbowl run in the next 2 years?
So...did she die?
Good suggestions.
You could always add a
As a person who felt suicidal for the first time in middle school and has struggled with it to this day, a lack of purpose feels like hell.
Yes, a character historically assumed to have had sex with women confirmed in one panel in one comic to have had sex with women is "pandering".
if iphone was its own company separate from apple, it'd still be in the fortune 100
Even if he had a permit, you can't just pull a gun on someone.
Just put the serial in the Notes and makes it so Notes' column shows up, double clicking it put it in the clipboard.
Bingo!
It also brings up the security patch level to Oct-1.
Yes, as long as it's free you can claim any country.
Dang, Snipe laying down the Hammer!
Smothered in beautifully, disappointing fire sauce.
what do you mean by porn can get out of hand?
Most like probably
Yea people should just stay where they are born
M: Send in the Janissary!
Its 6 keys rat rods go for about 2 keys
Pirlo-esque
Except he can't charge the Secret Service rent if they are at his country home.
I *thought* Thats what I saw, but shrugged it off thinking im just seeing things lol
Your password is showing
if my nigga ask me can i be his human bench we fightin
exactly
Trump supporters, one by one...
01011001 01100101 01100001 01101000 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100001 01110010 01100101
Yeah unless you're a former rock star cocaine is going to do a number in you.
Top: Fiora ADC: Ashe, Sivir Backups: Irelia / Lucian / Jhin
It taught me as a kid to always chain whip or kick the guy riding next to me, THIS IS MAH ROAD
I agree, with the damage drop off that thing has you practically have to be in melee range for it to be the one shot down it was advertised as.
Maybe, probably, surely
This would end badly
My cell phone.
Narcissism is more of a personality disorder, not necessarily where someone loves themself more than others, but every conversation/ choice in your life somehow points back to them because they cant distinguish themself from unrelated factors.
yer*
The dark side has cookies.
When were these conducted?
Ground elk and egg noodles tossed in some garlic infused olive oil with diced veggies for some crunch.
Mike "Michael Vick" Zimmer
Jeez somebody doesn't understand sarcasm
Not in a game where most of the stuff is done server-side, specifically to deal with this kind of cheating.
It'll fall under 15m in a week or two once the hype dies down(+there's an op promo on atm).
An epic battle in the skies!
Do we have a time for HoH yet?
I don't see the big deal; lots of people who were born before this election cycle are voting.
He Said Black
Probably knocks down a lot of pedestrians who don't hear her coming.
ofc, since those champs have a lot of fan, like yasuo riven lee sin
I never liked archery in Skyrim, judging distance, and therfore the firing arc, was damn near impossible for me.
Needs to be a new upvote quote
No Wild Ride Shaw appearance?
He specifically asked about space propulsion.
Hey, it's *totally* plausible that third-party presidential candidates could get eighteen percent of the vote nationwide this year!
What's the fan theory for repo men?
Were gonna make the hole 10 feet deeper folks!
How can I be a clown (and ridicule) when I take it literally
Yes that's really high
How to say please and thank you.
They are gone, sorry
crabrawler.
The war on drugs didn't work because it wasn't literally a war.
Rock a bye baby, go to sleep...
Yeah it's pretty ludicrous
Its the newest one with the cocktail party
Wednesday
Because who wouldn't want an HTPC in their car!
Yo what does she actually say there?
Jax gives up 5th fewest pass yards and fewest yards per pass play.
Viticulture is amazing and with **Tuscany: Essential Edition** coming out next month, it's good to get acquainted to this game.
The New York Dolls &amp; The Stooges would like a word with you...
As will be the case as long as we have the two party system.
Manchester United 2 - 0 Stoke City Zlatan, Martial 45
Yeah that is worrisome, not sure who I would pick for our second string RCB.
Everyone knows it does but why wouldn't they just shot it ingame like every other game.
The results for House races show just how secure most districts are for the incumbent party.
How dare Rockwell make a great razor.
Couldn't agree more
Fun fact: this wasn't scripted
That could be almost any country depending on what you mean by 'region'
She's going to have dirty fingers after reading the cake
Reasons you're glad you have a fish: ~~When you're feeling down and your fish somehow senses it, and jumps up on your lap and gives you cuddles...~~ ~~When it drags you out of a burning building...~~ ~~When it scares off intruders with a series of ear piercing 'Glubs'~~ Fish: At least some of them look cool I guess
Strength in numbers I guess
Were leading bc our division is also injured, and the Bengals suck.
How many countries has he invaded?
I really need to learn how to solder.
Try a price match at Best Buy?
Coldzera = toxic coldezra = best player in the world
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Perfect napping spo...I mean perfect area to go in to take inventory and paperwork.
Even if you were in the US (where I live), I couldn't justify such a small trade :-/ sorry
Ya, that was why I added the fish oil, my other theory was the increased time spent outside during the sunmer might be the cause.
Not in maze.
Maybe...but the elipses suggest that it splits again on both tracks.
Falcon pauwwwwnch!
I'm not buying anything in particular, so I guess unlimited.
-no sitting on my chair ever even if I'm nowhere near it -I must sniff every bag of groceries thoroughly before you touch them -if I leave the room you have to follow me to see where we're going or else I'll sit on the floor and howl until you come
Scy 50 free - 33.xy 100 free - 1:16.xy 200 free - 3:08.xy Sophomore in hs (I know that my times suck)
A pussy grab is always appropriate for Diddlin' Donny.
Principal Lewis never changes.
I mean you can't make it worse
One only need look at the SBC.
People are just sick of the corruption
lol that writer is too incompetent to space these things correctly, all the minuses have a different spacing.
We can't have instant wave clear now can we :/
Easy, he didn't read the article.
Patrickjmt
I'd just jump on a gold train and hope for the best.
Pre-LCS was actually pretty great with large international tournaments with Moscow 5, Dig, TSM, CLG, etc
We've done it two weeks in a row now.
On the Internet, everything is entry level and everyone is a professional at everything
Everytime someone says "lit," I imagine them saying "groovy" instead.
Big if true
Tell him to go try that shit in the other Korea.
Quicky-bum Lunchtime
Well we know where they ended up - Syria so yeah, mission accomplished
And the second only applies to middle class white people!
I'd like to see jerry jone's final form when you win a superbowl
no, Slink Johnson
Speaking of coming to the end of a relationship, have you considered a new couch?
I adjusted the colour to show the capillaries better and it changed the tint a little.
Hey can't you get both sides to vote for you if you say things that each side likes to hear?
Yes, for 20 more years from your current age, but over the span of eternity.
I believe you missed my point.... Glad you think my opinions should be dictated by what OP is doing.
Jon should've thought about this version of the story before trying to do it on the fly
I want Michigan to be the #4 and get to meet Bama first.
no one can accuse them of not being helpful... The religion of peace... That's such an oxymoron.
Pretty sure that was sarcasm.
lol no
I do stutter in english, but my brain decided to use my native language to replace the stutter
Because console to PC ports are always flawless and require very little work
You're probably still better off just getting a ps2, and sticking with a ps3 slim, which are going to be more reliable down the line.
Hes got so much potential!
ugh...what an irredeemable creep.
When everyone leaves me the hell alone
He's a populist that breaks rank with many fiscal conservative policies such as being for eminent domain, against free trade, and whatnot.
Why would you talk about dominance?
Get a tortoise.
1,492,226 So much anticipation
Heard of whipits?
What do you think it is?
0.5
Idk maybe do like an MMF triad where the woman is asexual?
people wanted to "tear down the system" but still voted in all the same congress men and women that are the biggest problem they did fuck all voting for trump and not voting out congress.
Saved you having to uninstall it.
But in the end they were just plants in vibrating pods :/
Florida is America's Australia confirmed
Why not though?
Yes but he backed up his claim with facts.
Underworld... .... dat latex
Well how's the wife holding up?
I have double vision permenatly, even with one eye closed i still see double.
Apparently it's a contract with the NHS that has them tied into it.
What does this have to do with The US Border Agency and INS?
Last book: Ender's Game Last show: Family Guy Will have to go with the book.
Can you eli5 the vepr import what have you?
I'm really confused, isn't carnival celebrated in February ?
Terrifyingly awesome.
Why are you incognito
I wouldn't keep my hopes up too high..
Such odd
Would have been better if he said the only thing missing where those Rosa Gellar teeth
No, stop spreading false information please
I'll never be caught dead wearing Sperry's, a polo, and khakis.
I hear a gnat buzzing around thinking it is important
Add AWJ to the list as well
Na but I'll check it out if it's good
It's the same on pc at least, I just copied my profile from Bf4 and all my sensitivities and keybindings are perfect.
I kept buying the same kind of boots multiple times per game to make me super quick haha
Lots of people do it.
Because we want to be like Europe.
For example Bob Black's "Feminism is Fascism" essay
Precisely, but trying to explain that most police use common sense on here is like pouring petrol on a fire.
I can see a girl asking herself why she should feel not valuable in the first place.
lol that story never happened...Trump supporters would have accepted the results with class and dignity, just like they keep saying these "paid protesters" should be doing.
How would going portless make travel charging more difficult?
Oh man, I can't wait.
but thats why i like it D:
Don't worry, we can afford to fuck this planet if we can just move to another planet
Yeah I'm sure you won't because /you're lying/
Maybe then you'll have a friend
They can use Carsomyr after they get to high level along with anything else.
I think it's more an issue of re-recording the songs to play over the speakers.
ping ping pong pong something something Pocahontas.
If Bernie had talked about the size of his dick in Relation to Hillary's, we'd be getting President Sanders next month...
Trump supporters need their safe space!
I will give you 3 ref for it
Don't include Us in your "we" you mixed breed!
I'm guessing your realtor was like, "Oh, yea...traffic right now is pretty tough, BUT when the bridge is finally done it'll be just fine."
not just that, but he will have new speedforce powers that the flash doesnt understand or atleast use the same speedforce powers in a new inventive way.
% max bank account true damage
You must have work at the pentagon before this.
nice try, ggg
Thought this was some of the most informed AND balanced coverage I have ever seen for BTC, from a major outlet no less.
Funny t-shirt.
That'd be the first time anything Apple is cheaper...
I've seen most of these before, but in color it makes them more "real".
*gasp* say it ain't so!
It's his biggest strength and weakness lol
42m gp/h not bad
REPOST
Any recommended mods fot Civ 6?
Sure, because psycho whores are high-value targets.
Nah, they're racist.
List it in hardware swap you'll be fine.
Those results are planted by George Soros to undermine the radical incel agenda.
Looks a bit like a Tartiflette.
Are David's 10th OT up to par?
Well, they *called* it a success, isn't that enough?
TIL all of California = San Francisco.
I guess their introduction started off very sour.
what's wrong with Instant Messaging God..?
Melted Pizza Freddy confirmed?
ye, academic dishonesty doesnt concern uoft at all
they caught the hacker though so everything is good!
What an idiot... he's sitting on the wrong side of the car.
Are you fucking mansplaining salt to me you shitlord?
AB, W. Fuller (great matchup and third option behind miller, hopkins who are playing a PATs DEF), Nelson (great matchup potentially) but could be swapped with Mathews
b-b-b-but we have to seek to understand them!
^ ^ ^ FUCKTARD ^ ^ ^
The visuals keep The Phanton Menace from being the worst prequel.
Eminem went to my high school (before I was there though), and I grew up a couple of miles from that trailer park.
Don't talk to me or my nuker or my queen ever again.
So glad he helped us win the Grey Cup, too.
What is this clickbait arrow doing here.
This would be great for a Mars colony.
the commentators then went on to mention how impactful (sometimes negative like werth being thrown out at the plate) the 08 phillies players have been the past few games in this series.
My next dog would be named Baku
as korean goes, FIGHTING!
whiffzera
Merrickole 400 titan
Drevas OE looks great
Someone's getting a new Remington for Christmas, either that or it actually is a new bike.
Unfortunately, he can't fly :-/ And that makes everything not worth it T~T
Basically.
We're probably going to run out of end-all topics for them to cover...
I own an austrailian shepherd and that looks just like her momma.
And as we all know, judging a book by its cover is the best way to choose the leader of the free world.
Hmmmmmm wonder what is faster?
Yeah cheaters would never do something like stream it.
Ireland will always belong to the crown!
No its from nost.
tornado, because it doesn't do a thing to the tower
No Way Jose, dancing around the garden with his No Way Hose, sprinkling water on his No Way Toes.
TIL Ricciardo is not an alpha driver
Maybe I was crazy, OR maybe I was finally sane ...why does this guy keep staring at me?
Or just don't be a criminal wtf.
Haha there's always a way if you try hard enough ;P
It technically is Bush's fault
Your local church.
I would assume that or ribs.
Right before the fireball hits it's target that's when you zap, or if you need to fireball earlier then wait for it to hit then look where the troops scattered and then zap
Yeah but the medicine will just fix it.
Psh you probably just made this account to get a key.
Okay, let me just unplug my internet for the next 2 years.
I'm sure *this* gun control law will finally stop the violence in our cities
LOLFUCKINGNOOBCOMEBACKWHENUHAVEA4*ULTRON
shape reminds me of those cute little shoes with the red heart on them
420 *NANANOSCOPE
Damn I can't wait till iOS 10 goes public, really want to try it out, but scared of the battery issues on these betas
Thanks for the really informative reply
Why would they teach anti-Mormon lies at the MTC?
PM sent!
All the salt in this thread reminds me of a League of Legends game...
Actually, I'm pretty sure Nintendo has expressed interest in doing animated films based on their games and whatnot.
Salt potatos, turkey breast and pineapple dusted with brown sugar and cinnamon
Fingers crossed for edgy brah
Yeah you old fart
I only smoke 1 or 2 joints a week of prescribed because I am not a pathetic druggie with nothing better to do, but it definitely helps with stress relief, drinking less alcohol and smoking less cigarettes.
Welcome to reddit?
Get over it Sure lets get over about you leaking someone's personal info to thousands of people
What's missing is mods and a shred of credibility.
Bitched and moaned about calls .... Carlisle took him out and actually yelled SHUT UP to him as he was pulling his sooky face to Carlisle.
A day for the ages.
Si cica populatia scade drastic
Make sure your Headphones volume is at a reasonable level and like X1124 make sure the Cue button is lit up on the deck you're playing and also make sure you headphones are plugged into the SB2 and not the computer.
Pretty much, still a some stuttering in some places but it should run at an acceptable framerate the whole way through
Who cares if a foreign government hijacked our election when someone used emails!
Danganronpa is a super niche game
No, no, that isn't coming from our tax money, Mexico is paying for it.
:-D
You aren't my mom!
I didn't have the gold but yeah
TND logo red box.
Because they're racist white-flighters!
What iOS you on?
We have pansies who can't scrummage refereeing matches already, so why not just go a step further.
Mods better ban people like this
Good one.
They've widened his hitbox though so it's very useful when you don't want you not ADC to take damage, and they can shoot over you.
I'm just mad people keep trying to draw the thumbs on the hands.
Beautiful 480p too!
Won't you come
I live on the border, so i get all of the fun of mountains of snow and negative degree weather for 6 months of the year but also the best political atmosphere.
About A Girl -Nirvana
Yeah but they wouldn't be homeless if the Muslims didn't take their jobs and their homes.
Found the other Catholic.....
Its never the guy's fault, duh.
Literally every democrat was on board and every one of them is moderate!
Wooaaahhhh guys, he found the cutscene!
Yes, the invisible hand of the marketplace was trying to kill her but big government intervened.
Yeah using the kids at the hospital he visited to deliver a fuck you to the media is a real Phil Kessel move...
Because it wasn't a two footed challenge
Is it about her career?
NICE SHOT QUINCEY
sure the story of the last of us isnt anything amazing, what I fell in love with was how it was told, the characters etc.
because only men do computer science/math to a higher level and are the only ones who can use that word
I don't think my joke missed, :/
Dragon's maze for days.
Are you kidding, for once, they are not on the french map.. I know a lot of corsicans that would love that
This post is gay
No, you just don't get it, shaming someone because of their kinks and shaming someone because of their kinks are completely different things.
He's playing 34D hungry hungry hippos man, you just don't get it
Com Truise
I knew these guys lost some brain cells somewhere....
I'd rather quit playing than not use Butland you meant to say right?
So racist
That's his first field goal in reliant right?
Haven't seen this question asked before...
Missing your hands doesn't mean death, it just makes it a little harder for you to work.
That sounds nothing like cap imho.
...I'd much rather watch an American shithead make tricks with bricks
...and Rohan will provide a stable approach to meet those needs efficiently...
Anti tank grenade
Pfft...said the guy with barely 100k karma
We're not talking about blacks and whites, we're talking about Mexicans, try to keep up.
**Reddit:** Innocent until proven guilty, let it be decided in court where the facts can be laid out, until then, let's not jump to conclusions **Reddit on an Israeli:** HAHA IMAGINE THAT, BLOOD THIRSTY, MURDEROUS SCUMBAG, GUESS THIS MAKES ME AN ANTISEMITE, RIGHT?
You are an evil human being?
Kappa =
The worst part is when they say automatization will make the rich even richer and everyone else unemployed, yet if you ask why the rich should own the means of production in the first place, they will look at you angrily...
goddamn liberal media bias
White power!
Nobody plays golf in this weather.
Obviously because puppet Trump cheated.
How big is this Duluth Pant factory?
Because it's that simple lol
With the exception of some Recorded Rounds and videos I enjoy, this is basically how I feel about the state of the community.
But muh anti-American circlejerk!
I was more annoyed by his ignoring the obvious to talk about how good of an agitator White is, especially when Mitchell scored after White was supposedly messing with his head game.
2016 - Du hattest eine Anstellung!
I have an OpTic jersey does that mean I'm in OpTic?
Hahaha, this is fair.
Maybe he looked at the my golf spy video on Reddit the other day
He was probably texting so he didn't realize how close he was to the rail.
No, Sean Murray betrayed us all and we've all collectively taken out law suits because we're grown ups.
But that extra money will surely help to make the servers stable.. Right?
It's ok he meant "thug"
noo its gaey if u touch balls
Pour a double, obviously.
Yes but then EA played you like a fiddle!
those tings are best used on hardmode giant mole
As well as amazon's page to rent or buy the movie.... Legally....
Maybe the last 10 years.
In before Disney!
Everyone knows gamers never succeed in life.
I'll pull the Van around so the media can't catch you collapsing!
Awwww, you HAVE to be kidding me!
You forgot your
Bruce Timm at it again
Yeah, what was Obama thinking invading Iraq like that?
When are you doing this me and a friend wouldn't mind helping out.
yeah im sure your 9 year old version of this was this high of quality and detail too
and optical image stabilization on the camera
To make it worse the deaths are only "kratom related", most the people had other drugs in their system.
oh yeah, I wasn't angry or anything, just really amused :-)
Please, make an argument for why having medics be firefighters is bad but having firefighters be medics is fine.
Just looked at the TSA website, this is actually the correct one.
I'm sure Hillary supporters are going to all go vote Trump now that she's called out the alt-right element of Trump supporters for what they are.
12, latest Nvidia drivers
I call dibs on being Hopper.
I'm completely shocked
But didn't you realize that's because ABI ruined everything Goose Island makes?
The tanks in my dungeons really love it when I pull bonus mobs from packs we haven't aggro'd yet because I'm trying to DoT all the targets in front of me with tab targetting.
Grind resources for hours until your driven to hard drinking
Of course.
lmao what an educated statement
Should have studied STEM
I would be if he didn't add Willy
Ah 1933, just like the good old times ...
Can't see why you're complaining OP, you got all the must have Xbone exclusives
I'm seeing 114
Missing the
So was Henry really
Have the same problem....
Everyone knows that Cobb is the best RB on the team!
Lemet?
If only we find the right words, THEN we can violate the Constitution all we want
Bothered by it constantly...
You know you can ask multiple questions in the same thread instead of creating multiple ones one after another, right?
Oh please tell us about how the majority of America's music interests are wrong and how none of the music you listen to conforms to this same chord structure
But how am I supposed to show off my Howl if I have to use the M4A1-S?
Cute rebuttal, you've convinced me that Hillary never lies
After two months?
Cuz OP is so fat a coat for him is a tent for us
Unless he was gonna take a crustacean to see iron man 3, I don't wanna hear about it.
You sir doubt the power of the master race 9 monitor setups are standard nowdays
I mean, how else are they going to know you are there ready to spot them?
I probably have a few of these or a ton of coins, DM me on Twitter if you'd like @Loganoir because I'm a lot more active there and I'll send you pictures of what's in my club!
No TNA ideas because not like they come up with any good ones, or you know, not like they have the current hottest angle in wrestling.
No Shitlord it's clearly a way for the alpha-males of /b/ to assert their masculine dominance over women...
...they aren't getting mad you are doing better than them, they are mad you are a little punk bitch who is too scared to play at his own level so he goes to the elementary school playground to play pickup games with 11 year olds and shit talks them after winning.
NO, THIS IS PATRICK.
bloody imports
yes thats what it was
Trump has the best people, the best supporters, simply the best.
They should have made the contracts work like gathering tools, no weird pathing bugs, no weird "use the item but give no reward" bugs, and the exploits wouldn't be working either.
Well, now that I'm on the $48/5GB plan, I'm streaming and tethering a lot more, but still have yet to break 1GB with a week to go in this billing cycle.
nkthellios the comment thief
Thanks
Best bonus ever
Wasn't sure if you were a boy or girl... checked the username ... Jesse... the new Pat
fuck
alors, tu vas etre tres tres enerve apres les 7% de melechon aux presidentielles
Afaik, in Saudi Arabia, they are called Saudi Business Machines to be "a local/national" company...might be different now (heard it years ago)
OOP means Object Oriented Programming iirc
The records must be easy to break if our mediocre QB keeps doing it.
Please remember, as always, that this has nothing to do with Islam!
I will have to look into this.
no never
Love how he smoothly strokes those dongs the opposite way.
Stop whining online and get a life.
But I thought women were supposed to be the same as men in every facet, including biologically?
I'm surprised no one picked up on that sarcasm...hahaha sorry
Oh yeah, that'll help
To be honest, Coldzera is not the most likeable player around.
SPOILWERS TEG
Safe spaces
Satoshi killing their VT key pieces was poetic justice.
Clearly just a rip off of the greatest game ever made, No Man's Sky...
Uh oh, time to stop thinking for myself and blindly follow some journalist's opinion.
this thread is killing tf2
Fuck your swear jar, I ain't givin you shit.
Now you guys can start a racist club and compare how other black guys look alike.
But his outreach to Black voters was so effective.
Would you kindly go up to Rahool's office and kill the son of a bitch.
Ofcourse, it'll bring up the download speed big time!
It's a good weekend for a day trip!
Because she is a support.
bc thats how western democracy works
Racist pig
Obviously because Kershaw is the greatest pitcher since Babe Ruth
2 losses with us, obviously he's trash
This is very surprising
When considering how to handle the tit-for-tat response to Russian interference in our elections, I wonder if the Obama team is considering hacking and releasing GOP email?
They could always sleep under the wheels.
She clearly doesn't get her dad's humor...
God, that last picture is so fucking hot
12 tiaras, 6 birthday cakes, and a c1.
Yea, it's all a US-India conspiracy to undermine Pakistan!
Just enter credit card number and you get to arena 10
I think you mean his box seats as he celebrates his 4th term as mayor of Memphis.
That'll be what pushes me over the edge to join hands with the Trumpettes and revolt
It just dropped and I'm already crying
Meh, probably would just be more Russian interference!
Driving on all-weather tires is literally shitting in a bucket.
I WISH THEY COULD STOP ASSUMING MY GENDER
Modi magic!
I got it this week, so yes it's dropping.
I don't think a rule change matters, hazing almost never gets out
For me BO3 was a t3 game comp wise, I don't find AW enjoyable but I can see why people do Envyus are the best
Put us in the AL West because the Central is hard for us.
FUCK
70k+ is solidly in 'talk to a lawyer' territory.
I heard the neighbors had wmds
I'm white and I'm pretty sure they're joking...
Pallets of grass FYI
Yeah I'd say he was extremely world class
38 weeks is not considered premature, it's well within normal bounds of when labour should occur.
Every gun forum I go on loves New Vegas
If the episode aired in October 2015, a year and a half is April 2017
Thank god I am not the only one.
it worked
David Carradine and autoerotic asphyxiation comes to mind.
Ben "racist is pretty much my identity" Garrison
yikes!
The reduction of politics to aesthetics is a pretty salient point.
I'm going to guess there are a lot more people with poor hygiene than whatever condition you have.
How so, he wrestled Rollins this week and Neville the week before.
I like all the people trying to ride on the "alt-right" train and politicising this sub.
I dont remember where Bongo said it, but there will be more maps for SRL.
Just a little crack.
You're not wrong tho
I think he's going to grab social security by the pussy, and he's not going to wait for consent.
Teams on back to backs are normally slow to start
Morpheus is a Nazi....woh!
So if you ARE **IT** then who's gonna punish you?
ZZ^ZZ^ZZ
For the lost point, people need to remember that Kylo could've been in very any serious light sabre fights prior to the due, with Rey.
tell her it's retarded to get mad at a reddit post.
You get them ?
You forgot the
1 grenade lasted 25 years?
It will have to be a global effort, because, as the article indicates, many billioinaires get their billions from global wealth.
I don't see anything wrong with a "build the wall" chant.
The SP2 is running eOS in this post though, and Fedora has one of the best implementations of GNOME 3.
Welcome to Moe's
Says the assat.
Bruh but alcohol isn't a drug, it's a drink
So, facts?
Maybe he was talking shit and manually did that just to get under your skin, which he seems to have done.
My biggest regret is spending 25 extra years in a crazy emotionally-abusive religion because I lacked the assertiveness to walk away.
Don't forget about Revolution Messaging, comrade.
This is the joke
But it's one turn earlier
C:\Program Files\WindowsApps\Microsoft.OpusPG_0.1.7.2_x64__8wekyb3d8bbwe
I don't think Han Solo is going to be doing any more escaping...
Plenty of old people ain't rich
Watching Haruhi right now, I'm going to wait till the rewatch to discuss it fully, but God fucking damn it, I'm hating Haruhi more and more and more...
how do you know they will never watch it?
Yeah I'm starting to seriously question his decision making.
If you guys seriously think the CTR gets money for downvotes, you have been writing some big checks today.
Awesome!
This is why consoles suck
I beat it on the Nintendo Wii using the Wii Remote and Nunchuck
SD cards are a necessity if if you're into custom roms.
I would forget if I gave it a mist and end up filling it with water.
Sasuke like boys confirmed.
I thought the teams or reporters were beginning to make it a meme like longsnapper contracts here.
Funnily enough, I find driving / piloting in GTA V to be way more precise and controllable with a mouse and keyboard; less so on the driving part but it is really nice to be able to do a drive-by with a mouse.
Who downvotes a missing person alert?
this is big.
100+ fps on 1080p on high-max settings is "struggling"?
So he's gay?
Worst they can do is delay it a year.
I love Bobo's reviews!
Muslim ban?
Stripe ends a little too soon tbh the colour could wrap round to the other side of the heel a little more but its better than some of the other budget V2's ive seen because they wrap round far too much
Then would you care to explain your side?
How do I build the Santa Claus unit?
i am responding with an alternative to your plan, how hard is that to understand?
The glare is awful but otherwise I don't have an issue with the graphics.
sure thing
Why did his head double in length
But remember, you'd be an asshole if you didn't tip them even if they slap ass in front of your table.
How about Dragon Quest, Dark Souls, or Monster Hunter?
Its 11 at redbox tho!
*Pyrrha: 50% Canadian 50% Yandere*
I am sworn to carry your burden.
I love how Trixie's white eyeliner is slowly taking over her whole face.
Honestly, I see gas stations trying to charge almost 5 bucks for a single bag.
She was being viciously attacked with Trump quotes!
I dont know I just feel like at one point everything was possible and then my world exploded and now what I once thought was guaranteed is now mpssible and I feel embarrassed.
FORGED IN THE FIRES OF MOUNT DOOM!
WE STARVIN FAM......
Man I don't know if I'd want PraY, I say we go for Bang instead
It's a fucking joke lol.
I mean, that's how science in general works, isn't it?
Out of the loop.
Exactly this.
I'm pretty sure every pro player will ban mid range Shaman at Blizzcon
I don't know what to do with my 64GB of RAM now...
Jarvan is LB
oh yeah, this is such a good idea.
What year is this, 2000?
I was kinda hoping that would be Sandalit...
Remember how Dems claiming a "War on Women" caused them to become much more popular in downballot elections?
My friend.
Mondale got beaten worse than Goldwater, IIRC
I could have been clearer- my point was to agree with you that this is totally inappropriate in a church, without disparaging sexuality itself or this kind of music.
No where special - Lancastrian..
Umplayable*
Oberto Beef Jerky.
I think you mean "*THE* Ohio State"
Things you do on molly: 1) do a 69er 2) make love for 18 hours 3) write creepy textwalls to strangers about molly Seems legit.
I wonder if that is teams that were .500 when the rangers played them or teams that are .500 at this point of the season regardless of their record at the time.
So should I wear a Bridgemen shirt to my BAC audition for brownie points?
Over priced, wonky parts for the price.
And they were the HC and OC in Atlanta, meaning that if you hire Smith back, we will then by nature have to steal one of your coaches in the next few years.
Good point, he has indeed proven that he is a great listener, and that he has great respect for the office.
Always the Hand, never the king.
haha, yea, when you see me, you probably have a couple seconds as I attempt to aim while spraying a you-shaped outline of bullets
Better raise smoking and drinking age then.
Plz post Poem of the Lost Souls OP
This has come at a good time for me, thanks :)
Only if the Democrats don't suicide themselves again by picking their anointed from the get-go instead of letting their base decide.
off the top of my head : MEG, MPi, BPI, MER, JFC
Sometimes when i play as killer and i see a jake from the distance i see that he have blond hair and when i get closer it changes slowly to dark again
Yeah, well they said that about Obammer, too, and look how he turned out!
James Harrison just received a $100,000 fine for this.
Typical Iraqi arsenal fans
It really wouldn't matter.
Must be fake, he wrote "chance of having sex decreasing", if you're on 4chan that chance is already 0 and hence can't decrease any more.
Extreme milk chocolate.
:( if it's left alone will it eventually get its self esteem back?
documentary
Downvote me bby
FUCK YEA DUDE FUCKIN SHOES ARE PRO MODELS GET ON MY LEVEL YOU WOT M8 I BALL HARDER THAN SHO OULLETTE I RODE TEUTONIA ON A DINGHY
A hacker who teleported behind me and backstabbed me with the name "Nothing personell"
**salute**
In his defense, nothing about this post seemed satirical to me, never assume people catch your sarcasm, always add the
Honestly mobile qbs are overrated but if you insist... Your best choices are cam newton base or christian ponder.
holy fuck that guys pecs have gotten messed up!
Terets?
I'm really hoping you just forgot your
aww that was nice of your parents, need more people willing to care for rescues and adoptees in this world
Yea, that's for his interviewer to say.
They are all corrupt criminals that should be in prison, except maybe Carter.
Get your back, off my knife
The Maya peoples used to use Cacao as a form of currency, they valued it more than gold apparently.
He probably hired people to befriend her
It's ironic how conservatives are freaking about this after threatening a civil war if Hillary won.
How to get Medic level 10 in one easy step
Wrong^TM
I don't get why a charity accepting foreign money is a problem though.
We are attending a wedding tomorrow, and the dress code is "Not Jeans" this will be interesting.
luckily, there will be no wall so hope you enjoyed the trump train while it lasted.
Oh shit.
Oh my heart :(
Username checks out
I saw her too!
In Dutch its: You learn it on an old bike, which is kind of obvious, as we've got more bikes than ships.
Oh shit, that sucks
HMU?
Oh how this brings back happy memories of 2004 and 2008, only then such posts were meant to be taken seriously.
Jesus Christ , this is why people are laughing at pizzagate
Same, but it's cuz my stupid gallbladder gave out on me.
Just clean the house thoroughly and all your sins will be redeemed...until next time.
Most often, a good villain is the hero of their own story.
This is gonna make me vomit I swear
You sure must swim a lot!
What a riveting discussion!
Shitty tactics get you shitty results.
this is how you celebrity and look after your ends
It's not the same... those threats/crimes were against the president because he was black... today, we're getting threats and crimes AS A RESULT of what our president-elect has done and said BY the people who support the president-elect
And you felt the need to attack him why?
Rekt
South African freedom fighters has as bad as police who beat Africans to death for fun.
60,265,858 Americans are Nazis/KKK members/white supremacists I guess.
58 fps, literally unplayable
It feels like anytime a car gets within 5 seconds of another it's investigated.
Well best part is Regi has been right literally every time he has responded while SG is spewing shit.
David Johnson Oliver Vernon
Is this a new thing.
I sell propane and propane accessories.
Dude I lost my virginity in pbr
Now they can translate for when hen1 hears A or B from the casters
Sapphire Fury Nitro, that's the name at least.
FIFA 12 Career Mode Legend
Good cause I already bought one.
they are all so original i want to be like them
Bitch had it coming if you ask me.
Two big lessons here: don't talk to the police without a lawyer, and don't hire a hitman to kill your parents.
?
But, but, but we can rehabilitate him
in the practical world we just use a firebird tho.
Someone in my league dropped him but I have Barnidge so not a good time to switch it up
They have muzzles man, that makes them far more dangerous!
The screaming girl represent liberals and the hunky muscle man represents Trump supporters
You have to re-evaluate your life every time, and you also gotta make sure you didn't forget to blink like a leg with you or something.
Thank you ^ ^
niche ka baal kab kaam ayega fir.
My god, source please
sigh *unzip*
They fixed things up since their breach?
This.
He forgot this
maybe a bit cheaper since it needs new batteries, just dont use it much
The ugly one
aw strewth chuckunutha holden on the barbie for that bloke.
I still have it, but I have a lot more crates then I do keys ha, if you gave me a couple keys or an item with similar value, I'd trade.
Hey, that's Lana's!
Florida when they had Billy Donovan and Tennessee back with Bruce Pearl (waiting to see if he can do something at Auburn)
Cyka blyat - Rush B!
As every non lava user, we hate you!
A quick off-the-top-of-my-head but serious answer, though, is: image processing (lots of fancy features in the camera and photo apps - like face recognition) need lots of processing sound processing - for apple like Garageband, plus Siri does a lot of audio preprocessing Games - these really benefit from the improved GPU as much as the CPU Saving battery life by doing all the little stuff as fast as possible and going back to sleep.
if last week is any indication, they'll probably drop one spot.
Scott is a wikipedia superfan, he doesn't actually know anything about the game.
KONO DIO DA!
CHEW
Oh goody, they are holding the Lottery drawing and the out of towner conveniently wins to be sacrificed for this years crops.
Rilasciato dopo una chiamata della minetti in questura, pare sia passato come uno dei figli illegittimi di trump
Sure!
Nice
Indeed, no one who has ever entered a raid not solo is obviously padding their parse and should have never uploaded
Hi there historian, why Hilary is the second worst candidate in the WHOLE history of our country.
Alpine theme doesn't have sand as an option, unfortunately.
It won't directly affect me in my life so why should I care?
Nice line!
**user has been banned**
I need some sauce at least just so I know wtf they look so calm.
Still the most recent Williams GP win
IIRC AlienBlue mutes audio from most videos unless the phone's silent mode switch is set to allow ringer sounds as well
They should just make the extra point a 45 yarder and really make them earn it
A normal orange would be a better candidate!
Yeah that's a real head scratcher.... Why would someone want to spend time with people who treat them well?
Im 20 and i never shagged around really
Actually, I recently converted to Islam!
If you have a teammate with HOF brick wall it's not even fair.
I don't even know what a vegan is, I just know that I'm supposed to hate them.
3 hours of 100% orange juice
Yes, the black one is all mine!
I forgot the
He didn't even finish the left side!
Nah dude if you just try hard enough you can definitely out grapple a fucking gun
Been doing maintenance for 5 years and I've never seen a stud finder work the way it's intended to, tried about 10 of them.
If Nico drops Bernie, there goes his WDC.
If you pause it at the right moment you can see his dong.
stupid liberals flying cuban communists into Milwaukee to commit voter fraud in Green Bay, open your eyes sheeple
Maybe they will finally drop that dead weight mid laner
Sounds like a spawn kill magnet
Just out of curiosity, how do you know that?
Then you'll love the phrase, "Over the shoulder boulder holder adjuster" used for certain bra adjustment maneuvers.
Tell them their closest loved one raped you and demand they listen and believe.
but that would cancel it out
Ya it's a bunny then a drawing of that bunny
This.
Yeah, that really kills playability for me
Yeah Morales and Barrera 1-3 (add Pacman vs both) were stacked with a Spanish speaking backdrop.
Ray Allen is the greatest shooter ever and he is only top 50..
if the only traffic law you break is speeding you'll never be at fault in an accident
Yeah I close at a similar place and after we're through closing we just record the leftover baked goods in waste and split em up between us
He was just being proactive and did not want his wife to think he was false advertising.
They're going to use this to saty DJT is a KGB puppet after the 20th when he undoes this
Well of course, your ankles are showing!
r/themonstermath
could be in one of those Oz doors!
I imagine getting shot with the Kolibri would feel about the same as getting stung by a bee.
Why the fuck are they using full wets on a dry track?
When Mercy jumps in front and steals your Nanoboost during McCree ult.
lmao thats an insane comparison
I don't mind him
The same way they faked the moon landings, of course!
T U T O R I A L U T O R I A L
Sure...Spooner for Faulk straight up
You forgot the
But we could have had a cool cliffhanger to have us talking all year!
That's what I like about cheeseburgers... I keep getting fatter and they stay the same weight
Just let it die already.
Research shows that headphone jacks cause cell phones to explode.
But he's made AMAZING movies since then!
You never said who's mana crystals, kappa.
I would agree that their ideas are unpopular...
Should I start Brees or Wilson?
i can tell you this is not happening to either zenfone2 in my household.
At least it has Fiddycal
Vortex = About 2 keys each and black sunbursts are firm 3 keys.
But she lives in a good neighborhood!
I think he forgot the
Shipment obviously
Properly designed compression pants for men leave room for the junk.
Can't wait to see another 10 minute video from LevelCap reviewing these skins!
But you know, the economic supermajority wants BU!
India
You should totally believe everything you read on 4chan.
Thank you for letting us know, this was definitely a valuable and unique post that has never been seen before on this sub
I'm so confused, why would dropping LSD on the floor do anything?
What the actual fuck is happening?
Just divide all the numbers by 2 and you'll get a 32bit jb!
because that makes for compelling storytelling
This immediately reminded me of gyms in Pokemon Go... I don't know if it's even close, haven't played in ages but thought I'd share hahaha
But Chris Collinsworth said we were good at that last week!
Gamestop can give you like $15 for it.
The titans are losing to a college team?
Nope just heart.
The world should be and eye for an eye am I rite?
I still like it lol, im not saying its even bad
But it deals you damage!
I wouldn't even go so far as to say he cares at all about the homeless so much as placating some of the so-called advocacy groups.
yes but that's somewhat better than assuming the English speak.. not-english
Yeah, #chickenlover isn't code for anything.
It's simple really, you aren't zerging with them.
I should put up a letter at my local guitar store letting people know that I'm available as a stunt guitarist.
But what if our job requires us to know if a certain grade of fuel can melt steel beams?
They clearly haven't seen one of the countless interviews where Kellyanne Conway informed us that Trump has a mandate.
because they look silly and nobody wants them on their shelves?
Kecleon!
Hey buddy, you forgot the
Hey channel 10 here, do you mind if I use this for my evening news report.
Rogue Two: Manny Bothans
Haha and then what ;)
Good thing we stopped those pesky skateboarders
To be fair, Rupert Murdoch is a Marxist SJW cuck.
Who dodged what?
I hope that was
znaider can't compete against t1
Anyone have a source on him from finding funding for ISIS?
Intelligent and charming!
There will never be any more good players in future drafts.
Because obviously the baby was curious and therefore naturally should be allowed to just wander around without supervision.
Ahh the casual gamer who just likes to see pretty explosions in front of his eyes, absolutely no brain at all, so unlike my superior self.
Fire marshall contacted
And you probably diddled those kiddies too you disgusting **man**
That's not trashy at all
I hope that drill bit was food grade stainless.
I'm shocked you didn't get called for goalie interference.
Yaaaay.
But the jobs should come to me.
unexpected tbh
Thier CEOs were more than welcome to run for president.
i didn't expect this after the way he started this year but i'm definitely not complaining
Was EU a typo too?
Look at her judo, clearly they're doing something right.
Might as well just trade him!
Lmao honestly forgot about that
Wew, good thing you posted your opinion, I'm sure it holds a lot of weight on the internet
Yes because liberals have never done that with conservatives.
*snap* Yes!
Dude idk, it says the astros are the home team on the ticket, who cares that Houston is 1,000 miles away from Milwaukee and Chicago is less than 100 away, Astros are the home team.
You're just watching them on a bad stretch, the first 3 games of the season looked really good.
Maybe even a progressive tax like we have for income where the bigger the profits the more the tax (but only on the bracket above the previous).
Oh snap Brad, that's really cold!
Yeah I have these and a pair of Tubular X's, and these are FAR more comfortable.
overdraft, complete reach, will bust
Well yeah, but you can't pay a fraud settlement with money that your son won in poker
Here i thought i could just leave it or in the open top hunt the mice that stopped by the house.
At this point i just want Katie Cassidy and Stephen Amell to literally come together to absolutely shit on Oliciters
I know a popular post when I see one... This isn't one of them.
Che poverata, bastava metterci uno sponsor e si rientrava nei costi
The word is "efficiency."
*slow claps*
I think you could be right you know, it doesn't sound like Lena was a malicious abuser, I'm sure she did it because she loved her sister
I haven't tried a whole lot, RAW may be better but I'm concerned about filesize
*FASH*
mercy.
Or personal experience of millions and millions of people.
Yep, targeting a specific sub and making up arbitrary rules for them is totally cool as long as it is done to a sub I disagree with.
As long as they require the burial of every pet, roadkill, worm and mosquito that gets killed in the state I have no issue with that :P
Or... ban those too dumb to pass a driver test and/or attend a driver's education class.
I love the soldiers as long as they're not homos!
maybe the she was instructed to use her hands for that nice lactobacillus backbone...
Feed this bum to McGregor
lmao
I just pee on my butthole to power wash it.
hot lava though, is all too real
So, we've met
That's a quality education right there.
Why so serious!?
He Ott to do good there
but not that
Someone has a bright future ahead of them
I think you dropped your
Kaps only good with jetpacks
But they invested all that money on the light floor tech, why would they possibly need anything else?
Make every boost spot have a ladder or an easy jump
I meant the hand lol
Dat minor cut before workout to hit better weight/bw ratios
raise the prices
Weil es ein Wal und kein Mensch ist?
Nah, an Apple executive said it so it must be gospel.
Love how it seems like Dempsey is the one that least changed when compared to his 1.0 version.
Cam... Just start Cam
How much did you spend on them?
Resell still be lit
In this case it's just a picture of my butt that I took/posted myself.
Typical EU players.
Good.
Ye cause it's not like all of Israels neighbors have been trying to wipe Israel of the map since it's founding.
'Special snowflake' basically means 'cis heterosexual white abled neurotypical males are the Default Humans and deviating too much from that is ridiculous'
Probably from the locker room!
It has a supressor
Easy to climb when you can't find scrims.
...also controls the media, the banks and the government
Shhhhhhhh.....
Ah yes because that's how all the pros Snapchat
Bush did it.
what are you trying to do, ruin the narrative?
Well, people protesting Clinton doesn't throw tomatoes at her and th don't run around dressed as the KKK...
I'm sure the DNC actively colluding against him and the fact that we've had a Clinton on the office in the past had nothing to do with his primary loss.
Just picked one up tonight in store.
Bug *resistant,* not proof.
Unless the people reproduce on Mars to grow to some meaningful number.
Right because 16, 17, and 18 year olds have no concept of politics
If video games taught me anything, it's that women armor is easier to make because there is basically nothing to it besides a bikini.
0/10 No hands to jack me with
That is the most clever thing I've heard in at least 3 days
I always knew you were secretly an electric-whip wielding, scantily clad female, with pink and white hair and leggings.
Anyone else lean away from their screen when he lit the gasoline?
The free market at its finest.
I'll have you know that I am a *strong* feminist, and you just triggered me.
The INTERNET
Oh yeah, that evil athiesm.
Or retracted their original statements in light of new facts, instead of doubling down.
add new innate passive spell % damage scales off str rather than int
Because Hillary Clinton is a *woman* and being against Hillary Clinton means being against *women*
Why is this documentary not in the public domain?
The whole raid revolves around a maxed out sword...
Don't judge me!
Yes it's good old fashioned Christian family values that these folk are lacking
Trickle down economics definitely works
Because nothing says sustainability like supporting a family of four and spending 60-80% of your income on rent...
As a Marlins fan demanding Jose tributes, I find this flair utterly obnoxious.
Yeah just vote for the person with guaranteed to be on the warpath instead.
forgot
Soon as mason costs them a grand final berth than he will be steppin in those shoes
No but it'd definitely make non-compliance a moot issue.
I guess I should have used the word Hierarchical.
Did you even watch the video?
It's actually sung by the Tranzit crew because you can't see them in the fog.
Nice meme.
well i would take my virtual baseball bat and virtually beat the shit out of it
k
great excuse since obviously EG let someone else drafted for them so they have no counters to a popular mid
Taliban does not understand Trump's 4D Chess, he would nuke them the first day in office
Hmm I don't think there is any advantage to that smoke, but maybe your teamates think it will surprise the enemy because it is usually not smart to push thru smokes.
Pharah is a copy of the revenant from doom
But then my warranty!
Shhhhhh the MCU is perfect and flawless
Bio broly for sure
To stab people who criticize items I carry with me.
German humor is no laughing matter, you know.
I knew Jaina was a dreadlord
How do they destroy them?
He also kill all
I guess I missed the
Purple*
But We Need Capitol Letter Every Single Time
Meanwhile, Christians are bigots and stuff, m'kay?
I think he does more than watch his stream.
I wish we could discover ethics for economics
my Mutsuki can chew through a T8 fighter squad in 6 to 8 minutes... no problem there
worst case scenario is they say yes and you fuck up all Valve VR efforts in Linux.
*Ba dum tsh*
Obviously you're just too lazy to understand how doable and completely practical it is
It's because of my effective CTR shilling!
WWE is just a retirement home for TNA castoffs.
What a cuck!
It's that SEC speed, man.
but the had a choker-team in their group so pure luck...
No they'll form a tag team :(
Obviously, how can working with it for three years compete with their ten second google search?
Ah the good ole' egg toss.
Its not an easy elixir advantage anymore, so can we even use it?
Proper news forums like mocha unson's fb page?
You dropped this
Every time I've been there I walk out smelling like I rolled around in cigarette ash.
His iphone 7
ok OP, you hear that - you should have used LN....what were you thinking?
Or you could be glowing because you're emitting radiation.
Trump threatened to destabilize the very bedrock of our democracy last night, but Hillary's kinda cunty so they're literally exactly the same!
He fits well in control warrior if you need a big threat and don't have some of the other more played legendary cards.
Yeah but Kobe didn't beat a 73 win team
Lost interest at "Mind numbing", needs a TL;DR.
But her opinion is more valid if other people agree with her!
I adore her
He is LTD tho
Obviously Beerus is just trying to blow up the planet
Yea but she's basically Asian Daria right?
That Michigan Avenue upgrade looks magical.
Yea but getting an unsolicited message seems like it would be pretty awesome
witness!
But it will be rotating out soon so balance!
As opposed to the dismal quality of life our NZ neighbours are subjected to?
But... But... Freeze is an amazing recruiter!
Holding the hot end of the ram?
But epic save for defenders if they manage to get it...or epic slow roll goal if it goes in!
Yes because I can take the motor out of my Nissan Versa Note and put it in my Volvo.
Counter stirke skins for guns
Its just a double fluke bro.
They're quiet, but they set the course for the university.
Yeah, Bad Dragon or don't bother.
French
As a Colts fan... *pleeeeaaaassssseeeeeeeeee*
This all sounds great as a justification for immigration, I just don't buy it when it comes to paying for refugees
Org can never do anything without its players, but it will always be Luminosity who won the MLG Columbus no amount of player changes can change that.
Hey shitlord, I identify sexually as an M&amp;M, and I literally can't even right now you triggered me you fucking a white male REEEEEEEEEE
Cause the kid looks fine.
Candice!
It's uuuuuuuge
At your next gym, don't make the mistake of verbal communication.
well obviously if I don't if understand it i should mock it
She's been there 30 years!
It's like when a song takes 60 seconds to get past the intro.
Garden State
There's no J note you dolt.
Also check out empire's food
Y tho?
This video has convinced me to unsubscribe from the sub.
Dont budge until they give you 20
first time ive seen it.
Yeah man
But brah Dixon was available and every article was hyping him up!
Phrasing!
Paul actually says that celibacy is a higher calling than marriage.
Because drink sales
The Room.
Thanks overly verbose explainer!
Start hanging around Bimini's
because they're in the SEC dude
Not as bad as being a generic kit and still rarely picked
A shallow reading to each of the definitions would be sufficient to disprove this claim.
So basically what you're saying is "black don't crack".
Relevant flair.
Someone who knows how to shoot..hmm
Same should apply to "Baby on Board"
And my axe!
Why would i
I get the outrage, but if you want housing prices to be even remotely sane while having modern building standards, you kind of have to build high and new.
My point exactly...people are stupid...but I was giving an example specifically related to anti abortion people since it seemed directly relevant
Sneak and Show (although I think most lists have cut back from 4 to 3 recently).
I hope you post your future set up on r/neckbeardnests Kappa
Would rather buy WinRAR than this atm
I don't think that it is a terrible idea since the transit center is close but I would want it a little closer to the courthouse and all the shops for foot traffic.
That was the first thing Dolores did all by herself in her "life"
Duterte got his insults from football ultras?
1,555,748
Shit I'm 25 and I feel like I'm 16
and it was good?
Read
when did they say a&amp;k would be better lol
It's going to be interesting to see how people perceive/respond to the Cubs organization now that they no longer have the "lovable loser" identity.
Cue Terminator 2 theme
***Looking at this intensifies***
That's just your internalized misogyny talking, silly.
*me peeling an orange* GIRL: "ugh that smells like orange cleaner"
darius hep or dariu shep
Is "ED" a golden retriever that hides underneath the blankets
Like your mother.. if your mother were a guy.
20% black vote puts NY in play
Obvoiusly KD should be put in, and I'm not talking reserves, I'm talking about starters
Pass a EO waiving the studies needed.
it's like an ogre or a parfait
Get used to saying "President Clinton."
All of these old Dallas QBs are salty AF that Tony Romo has the third highest career passer rating of all QBs in NFL history.
I'd have thought lesbians would go for Dysons.
W E W E W E W E What are we doing?
I've got the most confused erection.
Go ahead and assume its a pallet of 1080 TI's
List them on r/gunsforsale I'd buy one as a long term project, u/coyotebanned will too, he's been volunteered.
I really love my SE too, 4" is the perfect screen size
I'd rather **GO FLIPPIN' CRAZY** with my #B R O N C O B O Y S
Too bad there are no sentry mining drones.
I could be wrong but I thought Dunemarchers increase sprint speed while MIDA increases agility (non-sprint &amp; ADS speed)
Most of Reddit is around only 20 years old and probably has never played Morrowind.
I only activated the phone for the game and since it doesn't work, I won't have a data line for pokemon go anymore.
*multiple orgasms*
Have a gif/vid of it?
Well the Halloween event started 3 weeks before (I think), so we'll probably see it start around the 5th or so.
How about you tell me the name of your city and I'll tell you if you have any nests.
Kek Kek &lt;--- Praise this one Kek Kek Kek Kek Kek Kek
1,518,061 I know that feel
Yeah, the Patriots are going to let the QB of their defense and most respected leader walk after the season.
It's not worth it.
Sure, kawhi not
And it's always going to be dark.
Ask her if she ever went black.
Yeah good thing our QB play has just been competent since 2014
Oppure ex moglie
Aren't they streaming on Netflix?
Hey, you made the mistake in believing in science.
It seems like James won't care at that point.
The election, it's rigged anyway
People with certain personality disorders do crazy shit, like the crazy shit Joseph Smith did.
Come on noob: when it doubt, throttle it out!
Generally it's best to have your standard 7/2 to hold the line and make a handful of elite divisions (such as 40-width mech/med tank) for spearheads and encirclements.
people are upset about ky being at 25, remember its not the best handles or scorer or shot, its the best players, thats why i am upset at curry being anywhere near the top 10. meaning if i took away curry's or ky's shot could they make a 12 man roster simply being a defender, or a roster being a rebounder like a rodman, TT or lebron, or could they be a shot blocker, or only a passer?
Shelby (and Justin) are now big time counters to people who complain about them including any recruits.
This buddy system is cool and all, but where is the trading we were promised?
I don't usually upvote these things, but we must restore unity.
My neighbours over the road can get internet but I literally can't get anything lol
What is dream team?
Murray's defense is _immense_.
Yeah, if not, her children will try to run, never mind if they're too young.
It's also worth noting that if you pay for the Job Seeker Premium subscription, you can "feature" your application which automatically puts your LinkedIn application to the top of the list.
If gravity is such a big deal, then explain balloons smartass.
Pssst.. You might want to use this next time
I believe she has done it in the spirit of transparency.
Rosberg has the psychological advantage now because he released his book first!
Me too man.
3 y/o here, got that size 25 check me up
Thanks for the idea, drain plug is on the side, I can pull it without draining.
Alright lmao, a bit *too* gay for my tastes
Looks like he's fulfilling his potential while being fat to me.
Can only agree, Division seems to be pretty Solid again with Patch 1.4 I might Download it again
Also the VOIP is still very loud.
Im putting all of my dank stock on Pepe.
I have to imagine that, for the left, our Pepe and Kek terms seem about as evil as their devil worshiping, cannibalistic dinners do to us.
What the hell did I just watch.
eSports are serious.
When I say go- be ready to throw!
Yeah, if you're a noob
I found it quite difficult to perform at short ranges.
It's a marketing company with a drinks division.
Maybe hers isnt a roast beef sandwich?
Normal series, yawning punch.
Heavy
It makes it easier to put the fire out, so definitely efficient.
No more sanctuary cities.
its a stuck pixel mate
slow clap.
I wish I could upvote this more.
Cool I'll add you now
Except that, you know, survivors have the chance to KEEP those things if they win.
Remember when Stanley was just as good as Tunsil
That actually would be one helluva pull, Ice Rager would be even better though :^)
Tuna
Well I didn't know that.
Tbh, casual "rest only" puff dittos can get pretty fun.
Missing out on D-Bry vs Brock at WM31 is always going to be my biggest dissapointment
Did they?
They've incentivized single motherhood, which has been shown more than any other single factor to put children at risk for negative outcomes like poor grades, truancy, trouble with the law, etc.
Shit on a shingle was literally the only time I heard my grandma say anything remotely close to a swear word.
S3 silver III S4 Gold IV S5 Diamond V S6 Diamond III
We are all gonna die though.
Anytime someone questions if something is feasible, my first instinct is to find a historic example of the same senario
Ya Im saying Pittsburgh is still a risky market for basketball and theres other locations that would be more profitable.
You're welcome.
sounds like someone's salty
Garrett falls to the 2nd
big if true
But muh red face and double bladed light saber
This is exactly why we need to lower taxes on the rich
Arstotzka is greatest nation, comrade!
Granted, people are, but I always notice the ones who leave to be old conservative uncles who start night clubs or liquor businesses in Miami.
But your aim is getting better!
Dat rock star economy.
This is not a legitimate news site.
Because when it comes down to it, who really cares about representative democracy, right?
Because this one of the few posts that wasn't talking about the specs and he still brought it into the thread.
This is a *very* good question.
Because it was a competitive *match*
But we need less regulation, right?
Look for me on tomorrows flair betting thread, we can settle the beef once and for all!
But we need to learn how to swim, otherwise we will drown.
I'm thrilled that we in the west never exploited Africa...
Drug users benefit society more than the people who think they should be killed because their social utility is insufficient.
Good job, America.
it was a terrible purchase even at release as games didn't even use 8 cores back then
Could you imagine if the republicans actually split their votes and HRC won?
Aww, I ran out of candies halfway :(
Well good thing he's never been known to lie before.
Under 25 is classed as a young driver so technically I am lol
Exactly
He didn't say it was considered a good kda, he just said its not a bad kda... If my laner has a 1.6 kda, I'm happy.
ALONSO FUCKING WITH THE CAMERA IS MY BEST HIGHLIGHT OF THE SEASON
Shouldn't be that suprising if you check usernames ;)
But all he got was Lightning and everyone knows she is useless.
That's why most of the "omg look at the dumb person" posts on social media are probably just a result of poe's law.
Eye of the beholder, I suppose
The only way this could be better is of it was two gay people.
what about that sam guy.. lol dont even know his name
The human eye can only see 30 fps tho
Let's allow the market to determine what's more productive.
Testing for when Trump gets sworn in as president.
yeah but I have gold so who's cooler now
Well obviously, but you think they could do a better job.
It doesn't have the Flash, 1/10
Perhaps a textbook example of the Hagrid, "I should not have said that" meme.
Good lord let me guess you are a part of the everyone gets a trophy generation who needs safe spaces?
Seeing how powerful memes can be, not to mention the memes with frogs and gorillas, I don't see why not.
Great idea, let's start a civil war where people who require trigger warnings on novels go up against freedom loving gun owners.
I really like dalvin cook but he's probably a 1st next year
He's saying some people here act pretentious in the other direction
Chief had to ruin it at the end...
I had to pick out pictures of store fronts 2 times and then street signs 2 times
Fhritp
12 angry men.
It can be oddly addicting.
Sounds like you're a blast at a party.
Wh... what's a rasher?
I wish I had half their confidence.
The Simic Combine approves.
No, it is even worse: communism means that the state will rob you so much that everyone will end up in the same poverty!
BNI in UGM still have pecahan 20k
why wouldnt they choose sinnoh dex pokemon and starters for this thing that has nothing to do with a remake
yes, but the damage is 5 seconds delayed, so it's bad
Assuming it's a 'being' capable of vocal language I agree.
So as a follow up, do old people start to have less ADH, and that's why they get up to pee 3 times a night?
Hey if you look at the last two games we played, it's ALMOST like we won one of them!
What about Harvey?
yeah we should just do what they're doing in the Philippines and let people extrajudicially kill each other if they suspect them of drug use
On the bright side, at least it's no longer millennials fault for voting for Stein or Johnson.
I hear Amazon has two day shipping and they'll refund your product or send a new one if it's wrong.
My response would be "will you at least buy me dinner first", but that could end up with no sexy times.
Oh maxi big da Force -Jar Jar Binks, 32 BBY
Not to mention the entire US south-west has been deeply influenced and integrated with Spanish language and culture, since long before the US was even a political entity
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
This is antisemitic goddammit!
Smaller government or lack of government interference into a persons life, is a pillar of Liberalism, it isn't just confined to Libertarians.
One thing that wasn't mentioned, is that a horse just standing there would immediately get shot and killed, while a dog can be used to wheel in the machine gun and then ordered to lie down.
Goddamn that's inspiring.
That's gonna be a weird journey considering you're a woman.
Numbers = whole story always
Oh sure is!
Politicians in general seem like some sort of nonhuman trying desperately to understand these crazy hairless apes and never quite managing to.
Looks black to me
For some reason I was expecting something NiGHTS themed but forgot I was in the pokemon subreddit lol...need to wake up more
While we're at it does anyone have a suggestion to get his cheekbones?
Why add this to the game when you can do it with a 3rd party macro
Why is this NSFW it's just a candle flame gosh
A person with a really messed up life and a masturbation addiction perhaps?
Whataboutism.
It's not deciding, it's "interpreting"
Careful guys: don't call them racists cos that's why Trump won!
Main city on android feeder city on iOS.
It's Leaf, duh-doi.
Salty.
Obviously they'd make his spells cost negative mana, turning every spell into a Super-Innervate!
I'm just saying, if your financial situation dictates you should live with your parents, then doing coke is probably out of the fucking question.
CIS MALE SCUM
Yeah it was weird to get used to for sure.
Would you say UK ball has been growing?
This is just a clever marketing decision by Niantic to get us to catch more Pidgeys!
Uhh you lost the
So will utilities who rely on microwave and land mobile radio systems to do basically everything.... but hey, who needs a reliable electric grid!
After one of my classmates put up a shitton of posters of why its bad to eat at mcdonalds our school banned everyone from putting up similar posters.
Hey it has plenty of shield grounds!
So sad to see you go.
To me it's known for the beach, white Africans, and shark attacks.
In all fairness we did do all the heavy lifting invading the oil producing companies
DELETE THIS!
tbh flames should have drafted him 2nd round
Because it's a December release.
Well if you don't understand its probably because you're not a hard working, honest, Christian American.
Yeah, screw this kid looking out for himself in a system that allows coaches to move around at will while punishing the athletes for doing the same.
Ashe is classified as a Support, but Brand/Naut and Shit Not Best Idea Universe
risk
Well they traded all our good players so clearly they're worse
Lol faek n ghey ^^^&amp; ^^^knuckles
Gladion is totally buzzwole!
Posting Huffington Post is considered cheating
Any luck on the pet drop?
Maybe we should just keep blond males out of politics.
the latter being way more important than the cause of your death right?
More like, a basic understanding of history, that both you and devilsavocat seem to lack.
It's dead if we decide it is.... ^^^ModPower
Thing is, my opponents always seem to bag those in
Must've been a faulty rice cooker.
Hey guys, gay, black, atheist here.
I've got forest green tunicas if you're interested.
As a man or.... ?
That's the flag or Denmark, which is a very prominent country in this season of South Park.
Forgot to read name lol X3
To be fair both Syndra and Aurelion are his best champions.
What a shock!
But look how often pros skip their bans
Nice watch
Check your corners, rookie.
That's why the title only asked for people who dont like it, but you can ignore it i guess
GTX 1080 = 1080P
And the only reason why the chat died down at the end (when they WERE talking about RNG) was because everyone as so **aghast** at what Ben was saying about how "RNG is *exciting*" that they didn't know whether to shit or go blind.
Did you assume nationality?
Weren't things better in the 50's, when music was music and your neighbors wouldn't look down on you if you disowned your daughter for dating a black guy?
So now the FBI claims to have known?
Clearly Trump is taking a hard line against people who spill state secrets.
*No my friend...* *thank you...*
You could almost say all banned books have been banned at some point in the past
IKR ?
New York City- Jameson
I remember in my physics class when my Physics teacher would flip my class off whenever he did the right hand rule.
lol
I usually user my safety so hearing 2 comments saying he's a good cpu mlb is encouraging
Hadith reports Muhammad married his cousin, so it can't be bad.
Lol comon man, Javale Mcgee has been shaqtin wayyyy before the TV show, but he can repent and atone if he helps the warriors win a ring this year.
X is a good game, but it's a terrible Fallout game
You could also reload 5.56
You have to remember that Texas is a red state and as such nothing is their fault, it's all the "liberal commies" doing.
Transcribed for substitution purposes: ABCBDEFGHIJKEHJDGLAMFHMANHOPCEMHQAFNRBPDE
Yes, it stacks.
Yeah let's legalize cockfights too while we're at it Fuckin
Carotid arteries are in the neck and supply blood to the brain
Why not have both?
That eggnog's running strong in you ;P
Lava hound (2) Mega minion(7) Ice wizard(2) Inferno dragon(1) Fireball (7) Zap(10) Tombstone (7) Miner(2)
Cute af
Nice PTFO'ing there bud
Congrats you beat a total scrub
In your opinion, within the South African context - what should the state do to overcome the economic legacies of Apartheid?
When did gore vidal say that?
Yea now I have to work and be productive, man what a bummer!
But it's so punk to idolize nationalism
Currently sat at 11829K here.
tijd voor een terugkeer van ROSSEM, me dunkt.
Thanks ~~Obama~~ Trump.
who cares ....
I must be in the minority here, because that sounds fucking hillarious.
Haram hai yeh sab Islam mai, Faisal.
man it takes like a whole fraction of a second before you line up a shot to charge it I don't think we should have to work that hard for our PPFLD its just not fair
Yeah but it's Talib, so it's all his fault regardless of the situation.
Yeah, fuck those kids whose parents can't afford to buy them a fancy new car.
Well, that's because your a bigot
I imagine a bell, or steam whistles.
No, America belongs to Iceland and thus, the American people are Icelandic even though they don't call themselves that
More innings
I'm laughing my ass off.
maybe pharah'd actually be good if they leveraged her theme of vertical mobility into actual high ground awareness, who knows
wow racist
Your friends probably bring fruit cake as a legit Christmas gift too huh
Lol, California has a larger economy than most countries.
Maybe he wasn't interested in money so much as he was interested in protecting the well-being of his three sources
Because they can't afford cocaine?
That's what happens when you teach that pro intellectually biased liberal curriculum
you could always adopt.. good luck though, because nowadays all men are rapists/child molesters
Here come all the Cameron Crazies, blindly defending more heinous actions!
Since that's always a good idea on the internet
That's some 7 and 9 bull shit!
Trebuchets can launch a 90kg stone 300 meters.
Well if they had just said no!
Have you ever caught a good guy, like a real superhero?
For just one day on April Fools as the ultimate troll
I heard the Door only got 10K to show
Is it wierd that I knew that ass right away.
Thanks.
I'd report you but I fear I'd be arrested and punished instead for being black.
I bought one off of eBay because I was convinced my walmart wasn't ever going to get any, and lo and behold, the next week my walmart had some, so I bought it anyway XD
Welcome to ~~DOTA~~ D&amp;DOTA (Defense &amp; Denying of the Ancients)
And yet this person is probably getting a new iPhone courtesy of slave labour.
Yea, would love Codemasters to take over so I could get yelled at by Generic White Male #1 and Generic White Female #1 for twenty minutes when I'm just trying to fire up the fucking game for a quick race.
The prophecy
As a Steelers fan moving to the Bay Area, yes please
What's that?
I don't see any legendaries?
Meanwhile Obama is known for telling the truth
Frozen Wow, didn't know he had such a sick ass cooling system that the mouse was in fact frozen.
Trump's just preparing us for Kanye 2020 (or 2024).
I mean after you kill 60 of their men while in a 5 year civil war you can't expect rational decisions.
I dont think Sarah will appreciate losing her view.
Nice Pics, that first one is pretty wicked.
Happy Easter
That makes perfect sense to me.
Yep, downvote and move on.
Well we could mandate cameras in every room of every house to catch every domestic murder.
Because everyone is a straight male !
All the eggs in one breadbasket, so to speak.
Rather not buy JCREW just to have to switch to something else for 2017 though
The way you worded that makes it sound like that when a vampire bat looses its mother, it compensates that loss by adopting another vampire bat.
You have to have a lot of kids to try to outdo Dems efforts to mass import other cultures, especially Muslim refugees.
They can teach them to build camps; possibly near transportation junctions?
That's because console users **are** second rate citizens
Fat muscle... you want to avoid fat muscle at all cost, stick to the lean stuff.
Please don't hire any TFWs.
^ this, absolutely.
Because, as everyone knows, straight sides give the best shell protection
Puur genot!
Bu....but I'll make a fake Facebook account!
Looks like it's happened, according to 104.3 it's gonna "Tossin" Austin Davis
Dropped your
Hey brudder
America beat China in the Math Olympiad with our team of Chinese immigrants, so we're doing just fine!
Why is your front triangle sight not mounted backwards?
My highest on the giant is 1
So you can monitor traffic on a per-port basis.
Well at least we have the world's best national anthem
Maybe you should do an AMA.
What was that my phone froze when I tried to look at the image
USE REAL WORDS, DAMN IT
Man, didn't realize there was such hatred between James Madison University and the U.... lol
I think this sub needs a master post for these sorts of threads.
I know it's not his strong point, but what about it makes it a technical failure?
Very innovative.
I don't know if they necessarily got worse or I just got tired of their shtick.
Because for some reason it wasn't painfully obvious to you,
I like Colbert, why should I ?
How does that belt work?
But without bipod their shot will be totally inaccurate tho
This is the only natural conclusion one could reach given the volume of supporting evidence from the extensive scientific research that continues to be conducted.
Whether your believe it's an inside or not, it's probably the same percentage
Although referencing Moe, I immediately thought of that fish serving sushi at the start of SharkTale
This is when your home suddenly happens to be the local police station.
Dude calm the fuck down they're working on KOTK
LSD.
Yeah, it's called the break room
So Drudge was right!
Their top ten cause they don't let people pee.
Tori &lt; Meghan &lt; Rachel
I'm sure they'll do everything they can to support us when help is needed.
Zerker tank is alright I do it all the time but the lack of infuriate makes things more time consuming.
So you can look like a good parent when everyone asks you if the baby is sleeping through the night yet.
Yes, that's why thy are so unbeatable!
Forbes is definitely reliable for fantasy football
Must've been the Singapore heat defrosting the chill between Nico and Lewis.
Is that what you damn kids call a blowjob now god damn it
LingMAO or SingTAO?
It's a quick 9 minute video
That's voodoo, I think
Congrats!
Because non-black people can have them too
I would say $250 million well spent.
Yes, this is the number one reason for disliking terror attacks in the US: They seem to prove Trump right.
Its not mature enough if you cant insult people amirite
If it's anybody it's gonna be Dwight coming back and carrying the team on his man baby shoulders
is there a new legendary "sound card" in hearthstone and people are trying to download the code that adds it into their collection...
THINK OF THE CHILDREN
I couldn't see or hear that well Hillary is deathly sick confirmed
what a copout no batteries pfft OVERPRICED
My assumptions are not often proven correct, but when they are it is by a grainy out of focus photo.
Because English is the better language
Shut up and enjoy the hats!
Sorry, forgot the
woosh
Leave the sticker on, it'll be more authentic that way.
Finally!
He didn't ask for a terrible games list.
Don't get caught up in a few games...but yeah Bailly is legitimately great.
To be fair, she liked to eat, a lot.
The post seems to be in 3rd person, so...
Python
Yea, I think the way the dude did it was assholish, but it seems by her own admission she could use some work in that area.
Bon Iver is the new Muse
Sunless Veil, Mirrah Vest, Leonhard's Gauntlets, Drang Shoes.
Not yet, anyway... Just you wait!
Also violence cancels violence
That was one of the most honest things I've ever read.
Are you talking about while playing the game or just less survivors in general?
But he didn't talk with them to make them understand the ramifications sooner.
wahhhh my super cheap creative flight is slightly harder to get now.
He might have wanted to draw a handicapped emoticon.
It's best just to leave this post alone, he is just baiting us all to reply.
Fashion designers totally give a shit about you, lady.
WB's back at it again with the extended cut fails.
Snoke is obviously Mace Windu
....but...they're free they say!
What could possibly go wrong?
To the envy of his friends, even as a child Jared had the ability to grow a full beard.
Safe safe safe
But how does your CEO feel?
No way that was hands to the face...
You are ocd
Hillary sold Botox to Russia
One person ahead of you, if it falls through I will tell you.
But she's an inspiring businesswoman!
But Hillary is the one that will say anything to get elected.
Yeah because only Black twitter disliked monte.
I assume, they just wanted to point out that it was written by a Pulitzer prize winning journalism so no one would question the source.
I was under the impression people in the UK got their mail by owl, fucking unrealistic Harry Potter
Yeah these threads are the only way for Jagex to gauge the temperature of the community.
Yeah it's totally like that, I have to wait forever to get care for life threatening injuries....
What a goon
hes 'JPod420boi' on Youtube, infamous UFO expert and Moon nolanding debunker.
51st game of the season... May 28th against the Blue Jays in Toronto.
Yeah but look how long it took
Well I really enjoy it whenever a game just takes a 2D texture and stretches and contorts it over a 3D object so it looks like a fucked up version of what it should be.
This game showed that they can hang in there and scrape out the win in a close game, id probably move them up to 2 tbh.
It was a rhetorical answer
+ blame the schedule
They're just not paid to do it.
The bravery of your statement has shocked me to my core
Sounds like a fantastic use of people's student loans and tax dollars!
Nah, Weebverine was the best
Im laughing
They don't even try to, because how can multitplying by 50% ever be useful in real life?
Logged in just to downvote this
Also Shrek
Hey name is Cece.
He's totally balanced, that nearly 70% winrate is fine
then you don't get to play with us.
seems legit - make it the new Tier 1 ship
I don't see any way we could have lost those games
What are you talking about, silver surfer and galactus have already been shown in comic-accurate glory
I think you're oversimplifying the situation.
I have a hard time believing this because the homeless obviously enjoy being homeless hence why they don't get jobs and buy homes
I work in a steel shop with this kind of stuff, and I can assure you we enjoy sending it out like this.
Oh man that would suck
MAGA!
Free exp is an option, at least for some.
randle is amazing......when dlo is playing alongside.
2c3 1c1?
Yeah.
#UNSHACKLED
My sister, never met her.
Also many supports have 15% xp and bonus gold stuff too
No need for words, just whip your dick out
We decided to put in some 40 year old former 6th round draft pick at QB... Just fuck my life up fam
It's illegal on Native American Reservations.
I don't know, are Jew a country?
Well so long as people can get their virtue signalling in that's all that really matters
Ross Barkley isn't a winger and Deulofeu plays on the right.
I have to agree.
are you presuming gender roles?
Well then take an upvote for just being so brave on to show a very unpopular opinion Props to you dude
If someone can get a refund, why would they give to you for free?
There's having bad luck with first rounders, and then there's the Rangers.
TL:DR; you don't know what "fair" means.
On our tax dollars nonetheless.
Just right after that majestic Indiana Jones-like coin-grab which was also done by NEK.
I mean like, you can scream people off of their feet and twenty foot through the air... But nah I do get what you mean
Danm, nice tries though and what deck did you use might I ask?
If you are currently enrolled in a university, your offer will be conditional.
Yeah, obviously being able to speak two languages makes someone stupid.
Mearle was his sister in law, but I guess he may have said that to her at one stage.
He's just a shit D'Jok
Out of how many?
35% of people are wrong
Upvoted a million times.
Probably meant weapons that two hit combo, the Yhorm has the highest AR and shockwave though so maybe it's a balancing thing like the washing pole.
And people thought Trump was crazy.
I mean they're on both sides of the aisle.
Winner Winner chicken dinner
Seeing him score Game 2 against New Jersey in 06 was insane, I was lucky enough to be there in person.
Doesn't really explain why people hate it, csgo fits your description too.
Well, at least the mother didn't throw acid in their faces and burn them alive...a step forward I guess
This is the most interest in my meat in years...
yeah, they already beat g2 once - pretty sure they can do it again
Yes placing it at different levels not blowing up people when the door gets hit lol
What was the painting of?
Juanpierrewood
I hope this is a bug, I want to sell my Shchors for the maximal price possible...
Source?
I wish that you could prioritize connections like you can in MacOS so that I can have all the connections available, but prefer 5ghz over 2.4 when possible.
Blindspot
$20 for approximately 1.183 billion ISK
nobody wants spencer hawes
Shit hills
He's second tier
Don't even know what you're trying to say but anytime :)
Something something she's "white European" so she doesn't count.
This is gay porn.
This guy is the typical person who uses the label SJW and the average Trump supporter.
*Publices
where the fuck did I put my car keys
Someone forgot that Majordomo is a card.
IT WAS AMAZING WHY MUST IT END oh hey it's me!
Mute looks really solid
She's not bad looking, but wouldn't be high on my list of attractive celebrities.
Ah, now that is a dysfunctional childhood memory
Go study before ya regret it like me :(
At least Brawn isn't someone to say things just for the attention.
Noo, I want to win charts...
I only saw it for the first time a couple years ago, but that song is just amazing.
Mom's spaghetti
What did you choose from the continental spread?
Having to deal with other humans
People are quite understandably worried about the inherent conflict of interest as well as the lack of experience.
With that contract he can definitely afford tickets.
ok
We'll have a vaccine for it by the end of the week.
They should have an upgrade to Gold option non-PS+ prices The Division: $35.99 The Division Gold Edition: $59.99 The Division Season Pass: $39.99
No, he might break.
ITT: Way too much shit!
I know it's been said before but damn I'm glad that I didn't have facebook when I went through my stupid kid phase.
Back in S2, the bar has been raised since then
Still Lebron but Ben Simmons very very soon
I am also a drug dealer
Is that not what you look like?
I'm pretty gold then!
I guess that's all it will take to get around the wall?
That is an insane price range for a bathroom remodel.
To be fair, we have not played a complete game on it yet
And the sad part is there are so many such politicians I don't know which one you're talking about...
After 23 they just get stale, bless based seinfeld
Yeah, the other day I was playing GTA SA and man, it looks terrible compared to GTAV, unbelievable how lazy Rockstar is
#TRIGGERED
It is sooo noticable, I though you were playing at PS4 or XONE because of that untill I actually saw it was Keyboard and mouse icons... You really should use 90 FoV, it's another world.
But the thing is back when we had the floppy drive there were *better* alternatives, **this** time they've gone too far, USB C is objectively worse!
How does an insect snivel?
Of course the president is black too, so you're proving his point
Replacement foam will cost 2x more than what these containers cost... But you're right... At 20 bucks, im still very happy about the purchase... If I could use more, or find uses for more, id buy some.
Upload a hi res pic and crashes the whole server
The lobby is always free.
That's some prison shit right there.
no not yet, i imagine he would be able to either solo but need ult, or easily duo
Whatever you say man.
Mah boi slark
Made that sick overlap
test
Just got a Pro S, fucking love it
That sounds like a personal problem (This is not directed at you), not Massive's.
So no numbers on the amount of people (just "around fifty percent") who say that and no number of people polled given.
That name could be better, but she's still bae.
I like to think of myself as a pretty good Christian, try to live virtuously and the like but man I don't know what I would do if I couldn't choke the chicken now and again
More of a practice tool, but fits the criteria of the sandbox mode we asked for.
end of america
I... I have some bad new for you...
Why not Mi5S?
Both candidates in this election were rich people.
WOW WHAT A BITCH JOINING A CHAMPIONSHIP TEAM EVEN WORSE THAN KD
Goodbye.
I could have sworn you were going to be a write in for Ted Cruz, being from Texas and all.
poor fella
Ghilan is a gem.
it's not what youre used to but if you're anything like me the first time you get a high roll you'll be hooked.
Yea the current revision has 1-2 already released legendary skins
Where would I acquire some of those boots that Lennon is wearing, or similar?
Such as the Iraq...
I like this series already.
Yeah it was a bit of a rushed shot, but the guy saw me, and i didnt think i had the time.
Jordanian Sheikh =/= Jordan.
are you sure you didn't mean 2020
#YUGE #Y #U #G #E
Then it's not your fault I guess :)
It's not racist, it's just a nuanced rebuke of neoliberal globalism.
Model by Mark Manson
No, this is Patrick...
ahhh, an old favorite.
Robbie on AoS doesn't preclude Blaze or Ketch from being on Netflix.
we just really felt like we shoulda been playing for a natty, and didn't care that much.
I think Flaccos shoulder isn't as healed as he thinks
The one time I would un-ironically use "I need feminism because..."
10/10 lol
One of the funniest comments I've read
It always has to get back to the LOS, but you don't need an intended receiver if you're out of the pocket
Where's a better source for data, then?
~~Literally unplayable.~~ Literal shitpost.
I live in Butler County, PA and I am 100000% not surprised.
or putting on his hoodie
BUT THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE VOTED FOR TRUMP
Yeah, athletic talent and athleticism are very different
Shrimp was okay since I could feel it breaking but the taste was pretty bad.
Since now I guess.
yeah fuck humans we need to remove all the humans so we can live in peace!
Next, a whites only laundromat
I believe they refered to it as "dangerous".
Eh he's not actually making the company any money.
Urd on both Laks Lum on Andromeda, but it's actually dragging me behind because it's overcharged on FL2 so I have to use it and stall for her original active again.
Oxide and sulfate.
I like the word, i use it to describe annoying people at shows.
Karma's a bitch
I beat him to death with a lead pipe.
Or the best screen saver.
Obviously just Adidas primeknit technology
sigh these dumb minorities voting against their best interest
A bishop in hand is worth two black rooks...
Thanks for the awesome answer!
According to Von Erich he's one of those new ga- new day guys
But Canada must open its borders... its racist to have immigration laws!
Is that good McCourty or evil McCourty?
New feature from last update... your teammate probably selected the "Glare at teammate" quick chat option after you missed the last save... or whatever
What the fuck is a boo
He vapes too much that's why he coughs all the time.
When he became the Firelord.
I'm not his wife, so no, I don't fuck George Lucas
Marquess Wilson is ready to come back.
Guys that was a: ~~Hit from behind~~ ~~Hit to the head~~ ~~Hit by a borderline player (wtf is this) that the league is trying to remove from the game~~ ~~Hit deserving of suspension~~ Hit deserving of a ridiculous overreaction that causes the clean hitting player to get hurt in a fight.
Her card art is absolutely gorgeous in comparison to her model, she looks like an inferno victoria secret model
Probably Yugoslavia invested in good infrastructure while Albania lagged behind and didn't catch up yet.
Didn't see that coming
The League of Legends community is healthy and friendly......................................
Havnt hit a single shurikan since
Risks setting off World War III, kills a lot of innocent people, people living in the Middle East wouldn't take to kindly to having their homeland turned into a radioactive wasteland.
I have no idea what a cheap play is tbh.
At least he's wearing safety glasses!
It's not like black people sold slaves to white people sometimes
Shut up cheater
or the unsatiable leftist yearnings of the progressive left, which Chomsky himself fostered, led to those who had such leanings, Bernie supporters, staying home in the GE and rabble rousing in the primary.
I don't think drugs would help acceleration in this case
Logic checks out.
Poland, Ireland and Italy?
And when a mosque just like this is blown up, Al-Jazeera et al will scream about Shia militias blowing up sunni mosques.
If it's in AUD the house would only be $1.50 American money
Take New Hampshire and throw it away...
Wow..people going to work overseas to make more money to bring back to the family....that never happens in any other country
We mentioned in the review that it's debatable for Steins;Gate, but included it because she's more clearly trans (or at least genderqueer) in the anime adaptation.
For my area training has died completely.
Love this misconception about us riven mains being toxic, listen here you little piece of shit we are not toxic
That's boring
OK I'll start it
Theyre our biggest ally because we give them the most money.
I don't want second and third generation Australian - American children in our schools, they might shoot them up.
Remember, this is also the same NCGA that tried to put into state law that "the laws passed by this NCGA cannot be overridden by state or supreme courts" -- they mean business.
Theyre just angsty about the economy
That is genuinely worrying.
So is weed though
Keep the Christ in Christen #ReasonForTheSeason
Could be built into the screen itself, and rumours pointing put that samsung and apple are going this route with slimmer bezels, software homebutton, so i dont think is that unrealistic
He looks like a fat grandma.
Not good enough, runs shit on my Q6600 + 9600GT
Nelson Agholor needs time to develop more, he has extremely high potential Eagles fans need to be patient
Nah, just a bunch of exhibition games for us...
i cant think of any recent examples
Wish I could up vote you more than once.
Nah man it just mean your a rebellious individualist not some filthy conformist.
Yeah Abraham Lincoln was suffering from white guilt
Wife and I both made a donation, separate of course, so Pence could receive an additional thank you.
The way I think of it is if science and religion were embodied by two separate people, one who has the capacity to admit that they are wrong, and the other who tries to explain how they were right all along no matter how unbelievable their argument is, who are you more likely to believe?
I should have added
We had two celebrities have a nasty divorce while one of them was dating another celebrity *during* the marriage.
what are you talking about, its obivious it landed on a land mine they added at the lastest patch as an easteregg!
I'm not ES based.
You brought up a great point, I never thought of it that way
The biggest problem with all the people with absolutely horrible computers (since only these computers have FPS problems with the client) is the complete lack of option to use the legacy client until these issues are sorted out.
As big as zyr is, I imagine there isn't much that doesn't revolve around zim.
I think she looked good Episode 1 &amp; 5 pre-lipsync.
If England end up beating the ABs win record it shouldn't count because it would only be because the other teams were shit.
Let me buy a helmet in the apparel shop and be done with it
Hahaha nooooo
Because he wants to make America great again!
Panic wrestling.
Higher educated population benefit everyone.
Maybe, yes.
I thought I heard he didn't vote but he *would* have voted for Trump?
Thats **over 7%** what more could we ask for?
None spring to mind/have links but every time I see some come out it doesn't take long to see the rotten truth behind them.
it is better but I personally think it does too low damage with too much randomness and recoil to be effective at range.
He obviously should have offered him a snickers bar, instead!
They're going to go to special jail, right next to Hillary.
Thank you for the clarification.
Sorry, I just saw it on my phone and posted, didn't think to check for another post
TIFU by doing SEX to 85 supermodels!
The police asked you questions: you're guilty.
Green eggs and ham.
I used to be the guy who took US's part when europeans started the typical shit talk but lately I'm beginning to have my doubts and it's not even about Trump.
I think we have many good players but no one to organize them
It's called native content in the industry AKA authentic advertising
Why you use the right sized tool for the job.
Oliver is Makuta confirmed
People don't play the game to have fun
Well yeah, privacy is important to politicians
If by "there" you mean the heads of the extremely incompetent engineers who wrote the SC2 engine, than yeah, I agree with you.
Not in almost all of the Islamic World
it's really quite distracting!
Except for that entire traffic enforcement division they and Richland County have.
They had that much in the first place?
You need to be using a blockstream approved wallet with blockstream approved fee calculations for things to work
Maybe it will be me :p
W E W L A D S E W L A D S
Go to the Sennheiser factory to try the sennies!
Have some respect guys that's someone's daughter
unless you've been living under a rock, chelsea boots with ripped denim is like everywhere in fashion
Tribe pride; even though you're confused with the orange/purple.
I'm very interested as well!
Except you weren't in the Euro or in Schengen...
Shes so ugly now, i was expecting theyd make her dye her hair so shes 16 female blonde hair blue eyes from cali
Same thing that's always been wrong; it never stops guillotine soon
If he doesn't take you up on that, I'll take it
Ironic that a sub with the word orgasm in the name doesn't have a single real orgasm posted on it.
Taiwan number one
Honestly it looks more like a prototype controller than a production release.
Surprising...
In before 'don't want to get content matched' from northern killjoy lion
Introducing the new Kangaroo Dispenser, ride to school in style
Yeah give the trapper time to place a trap when no one can unhook at all, solid patch will surely make the game more enjoyable for everyone
This guy is a fucking idiot and so are the people of Philippines for electing this complete piece of shit.
0 / 10 No Harambe memes
but could it hold up a semi truck after being submerged in water for a month and have minimal wood movement?
Because we need another one.
Yes, I agree.
That ass has too much detail 0/10 don't fit in unturned style
No no it's because all these poor females only go for douches
Good to hear that it is not cancer.
The flag may be displayed vertically or horizontally.
you can cut that by 99.99% if you quench the drive first.
Ayer lo vi, pero no tenia idea de que era :v
Woah, I thought the space shuttle was big, the mercury capsule was huge!
oh no he did not get good rng guess its time to end it all
The last time this was posted it was said that the driver was drunk, the two women were mother and daughter and the husband/father commuted suicide a year later but...
Yea and the Japanese genocided the hell out of the aboriginals there to keep it that way.
I feel bad for laughing at this
Right, those soccer fans in Europe *never* get violent and messy
Good news everyone!
I'm sure the mods are simply well meaning patriots who are doing their very best to facilitate a reasonable and well informed circle jerk between like minded useful idiots for the benefit of this country and its citizens... They deserve a Nobel prize for their social activism in the digital age.
First time I've seen it.
Or you can guess and it works well enough or the same.
You spelled "Bring back Toby McGuire" wrong
WHATTHEHELL
Yeah I think he just worded it poorly.
A sense of humour.
I'll continue to build in the desert and hit cactuses with my salvaged axe, much more efficient than growing/planting hemp, neat idea though.
Nah bra, you just sign up for PaaS and float down the money canal delivering your sales teams wildest dreams instantly
Oh come on that would just be crazy!
You're just being coy
Yeah, because a free kick in the post is not a miss.
Frosted Flakes
what a try hard
just died in a Tul domain because I forgot my WM aura, I feel affected
EXPOSED
You're right, if a change doesn't result in an IMMEDIATE improvement it was definitely the wrong decision.
A BR Shiny Reuniculus would be absolutely fantastic!
Brewer and a second round.
Prove it.
Wasn't the journey to get all of them the reward?
Original content on Reddit is optional too i guess...
YOU ARE ABOUT TO EMBARK UPON THE GREAT CRUSADE
HEY GEKLEURDE PIET
yeah, don't be a little bitch - bunny hop that thing!
Ahh yes the evil evil Turkish dictator
ELO boosters HATE him.
Oh okay, so death only matters on a large scale.
Well that is the brand of choice for ISIL.
I'm shocked!
And what a huge difference that would've made.
smh gender stereotypes in 2016 ugh
everyone knows that good america is east coast america!
Yeah, but gay people are icky.
Idk, Genji mains are mostly faggots though.
Whoa whoa whoa, hold on, who are we to assume the motive?
But my guy is one of the good ones!
It seems he is.
Vegas?
No way, that's a huge conspiracy!
He needs to get started on that wall, stat.
Yeah but that's not technically a "no," that's why the euro girls are best because they just say "nyet" or "nein" or "nej" and never "no."
Well, you could use that as a backdoor access when you lose your keys, of if you're an intelligence agent, you could use that to foil a terrorist attack, because they keep their plans in some cloud.
The bottom 38ish% probably average less than 1 game a month
I hope I get to be as cool as you when I grow up.
Not if you never go outside
FreeShop doesn't cost them much money in the first place, only bandwidth
Maybe now they can pay cast members more at their parks!
Fuck her fiance so the wedding will be called off, and then when her next engagement rolls around you can be extra sure to avoid bringing it up until she's comfortable telling people.
Oh boy we have never seen this before
I got pregnant from looking at this picture, and I'm a guy.
PL refs what a joke
Still, I think a round of layoffs for the rank and file workers is in order!
Well TNA seems to be doing alright.
The whole population is in that barn
your life isn't all that interesting, huh?
tldr; Trump mistreats women, so vote for Hillarity Clinton.
Haha, it definitely sounds weird to say it out loud but it's not a bad move.
play summoner war legend the next best thing
Hillary Clinton is basically Dick Cheney in a pantsuit.
So why do you want to study herpes?
Isn't this cheating?
I'm sure her primary goals were to inconvenience you and piss you off.
that mofo is insane
A big booty ho
This is fantastic.
Damn commies.
^ VO is still BiS/meta for stam.
Yeah i like having an adapter in my poket everywhere i go
Apple's logic... Why use old technology like a thumb drive when there's iCloud to store your homework and access it from your phone or browser.
Well aren't you a couple of cuties :)
Dislike just because you did not pick rook armour
riven1 inc
Lolz yeah ummm ok and I'm the king of France
All states that Obama won in 2012, and as the other guys says, Trump is not going beyond that map.
Yay the destruction of tons of antiques is incoming!
Personalizing bats, total disgrace to the game
ya, but are cows better than moose?
Itd be a real shame for a dk to not be able to solo something, or for you to have to make a group in a mmo
The Bank of Mom seems to always be in business
Or penguins.
Ubos sweldo wahoo
But wouldn't that cause a nuclear explosion
I wonder if this has to do with the fact that they're so good at Math and Science
Is this from the Make Mexico Great Again hat Gulliani was wearing?
Me too thanks
Make a computer do that step too
Saltyyyyyyyy
Gotta burn something, and the Constitution is only so long.
Good ol' western canada
The crowd or the players from VP ?
protip: use
Well if you wanted Niantic to hear you, You came to the right place
You didn't!
We wear it for us not you!
I was summoned?
They were just talking about grandchildren on a tarmac guarded by USSS
Banking hours bruh.
No this is about Israel and Palestine!
Look theres 100 sources saying it's haram but there's this 1 source on a shady obscure website that says it's halal so clearly it's halal
Yes, the IT staff at ASU totally care about you jerking off in your dorm and certainly have the time and resources to keep track of every single thing that every one of the tens of thousands of students and faculty browse on their computer every day just in case it might be dirty sin.
Typical Pablo Honey fanboy
Clearly you forgot about their struggle.
But motorcycle riders are the safest drivers on the road and everyone else is the worst!
Everyone is just constantly fucking
Commonwealth Freedom of Movement Organisation I always thought that the Commonwealth was comprised of more nations.
This is why we get Hardship Duty Pay though......right guys....?
Yes, typing fast at work on my phone and didn't take the time to proof read
Stupid long horses.
You don't rich by spending money ya chump!
I bet if Chad was messaging her she'd respond within seconds!
But I don't like the cubs
TIL soft sciences can only provide opinions, not facts
EU cheating bringing in a cold to make our NA players sick, just like they brought plague and disease to NA in the first place... Good job EU...
I hope UN deploys international poll observers to ensure free and fair elections
I think the problem is the man is black and Pence doesn't want to give handouts....
I see Khabib is still fighting cans
A new cutting edge strategy.
I saw this fall out of the pocket of the gentleman above you:
So metal.
Hmm, I haven't noticed
Yeah, I'm going to enjoy watching the FBI give immunity to everyone.
Yeah man, the world would probably be better without any of em!
The whats?
Good thing iPhones never freeze!
We're just getting so lucky that we keep playing QB's who are having off days
but but after all the complaining people did about view distance how can this be the case?
Real question though, will the video be shown to the refs?
Did Amy tan write the screenplay?
Ill only belive it when i see it
You're the very first one that posted this.
I wonder what the police will rule about the mom who reported her son was bullied by the kid who tagged her son out in the baseball game.
Rage spell makes me rage.
Well, I mean there's a urinal next to the toilet... no reason for me to hog the bathroom to shit if someone wants to piss next to me.
nice try EA quit trying to tempt us
First form of currency: prostitution Can't take that away and it'll outlive all known currencies until the end.
But how are you going to activate your abilities if you can't click on the icon?
And the driver?
Jason blaha
This comment confuses me because Wentz wasn't mentioned
As the daughter of a republican politician, I'm sad my dad apparently doesn't love me.
Maybe he's just REALLY committed to being a plant for Hillary!
Nah man we're totally trying to duck lsu
im in vista 7602134479 hmu ill be quick and go home right after
Isn't Aleppo someone who's skin falls off?
Funny because I got exalted with them this way
You can even get to the position without revealing yourselves when jumping
Why would she want to kill John Malkovich?
Doesn't everyone justify their outbursts by threatening harm to innocent animals if they don't get their way?
I forgot my
Purple Guy is innocent after killing at least 11 children, dismantling Freddy, Bonnie, Chica and Foxy in the FNAF3 minigames, and possibly tampering with the Toy animatronics' facial recognition software.
You forgot
But they didn't tell anyone at the time because they were so frightened nobody would believe them.
Yeah, games aren't meant to be played.
Every genji is a pro genji.
Their about/team page makes me feel like these are people I would trust to make a database that sits at the heart of my business
Yes, because Diamond means the person wins all games with that god!
Maybe he's just proud of his thieving ancestory!
They seem good and I'd get one but valve seems to think Australia isn't a real place and won't sell it
Forgot my
No, rigged by an activist judge blocking necessary voting reform.
Please state one factual/logical error.
This data was invented by the Chinese though....
It's a phone number based messaging app but it's DOA because of no SMS fallback.
Its because the puck isn't frozen.
With factorio in there I doubt you get much time to play other games.
Dude, you can't just take credit for these people's works of art that aren't your's.
They totally missed it in the year of 1920 too.
The music, holy shit
You don't like the pretty blue explosions?
and the affair begins
Maybe he's just a fan of Charlie Chaplin's work.
I thought walls weren't effective.
gotta have something to announce next year!
Nope, he's mentioned in a support later, he has to die.
um
Ok
I'll be watching in hopes that both teams would somehow lose.
And yet you're impressively passive-aggressive.
Tum'escent
Yup, my bad.
Proof that the BBC must be privatised and sold to the Fox Network immediately!
Ha, if we took guarantee literally, we'd have three digits of elected officials indicted.
What flavor is the pizza?
Just like crop, only grow one thing you end up killing the soil and spreading some crop rot.
Scotland.
Haha thanks -'and Merry Merry to you even as a Habs fan!
Time to shut it down and rebuild.
lolno cheapskate
Okay.
Thy kick is up...
I think I agree with Betteridge.
lol, I bet that statement is considered anti-Semitic.
Everyone is wrong, this is how you do proper advertising space rental
expecting to see this as their classic Boss Mode second drop transition at Ultra next year
The only point would be for doubles
Well shit.
I see by your username you're something of a connoisseur of layouts, too.
Dat username tho
Yep, have a large potbelly, and can stretch my ballsack to my bellybutton area.
I could see the Rams grabbing him to fuck with us.
Yeah just no one else will see the skin cux it just affects the local files
Not with that attitude
'Cept Giorno's probably the gayest Jojo character and Mista has some feelings for Trish and if Giorno was straight he'd never hurt his brojo.
Yeah, been feeling the same way the last few days.
OH, FL, PA and either Wisconsin or Michigan now has the power.
More like he should pay taxes on money he's hiding, like funneling shit into his charity that doesn't actual perform any charitable acts.
They probably Jailbroke it on 9.3.3 so that when they updated it, it would still have the jailbreak
And let the ones having the legit copy of it be free?
With Butcher and Meloche still in the pipeline as well.
Repost lol
How can you abuse it if both players have to agree?
You add an extremely significant amount more weight with a barbell than a vest.
Ted Cruz lmfao
Steve Reeves...Steve reekes.....Steve reoks.....Steve coeoks....Steve Cook....Stiff Cock
are you hungry?
Damn, I'd forgotten how bad that crossover was until you said that.
My 2 yr old daughter laughing because I, her dad l, was going poopies.
You're overestimating my intelligence, I really don't.
I like that his sign is the highest
then it could be worth it - but I'd want to make sure it's a surefire RB1 because Marshall is a damn valuable WR
Read up on what a dad joke is.
there are probably a few actual billionaires that would help with the legal fees of anybody who broke them...probably some law firms that would take it pro-bono too just to fuck with Trump.
And the set and graphics were ugly as balls
Serious question here, what do **you** personally have to see from Kessler do say his arm strength isn't an issue?
no.. we sure dont, but I cant ignore the reality.
NANNYSTATE
Let's dispel with the notion that Ann Coulter does not know what she is doing, she knows exactly what she is doing.
I changed it a while ago since I mined what you were posting.
Basketball schools weren't exactly a hot commodity during the last realignment go around.
It's actually starting to piss me off a bit
Could have just asked for a picture, instead of being all creepy like.
There was a headline earlier today saying that Poland and China were working together to build satellites, the comments section was nothing more than polandball jokes.
and they should also be allowed to have their feelings hurt, imo.
I hate geometry
Some random ass forgotten champ will be played once or twice in the first week then the next week it will be pick or ban
Fuck you and your "google it" response Just move on and leave him alone if you're not gunna give him a source he's lookin for discussion
My brain studies show I like a clean looking cock to fuck pussy with while having no ill effects.
I know I'm preaching to the choir here but basically the answer to your question is slavery.
Just buy Blade mail and be tanky.
My bad, CA is Canada.
I agree it is counterable on offense like 3 minions but it is uncounterable on defense.
I LOVE DECEMBER
TOO LATE I'M ON THE FLIGHT, SUCKER!
True, but those don't really invalidate OP's argument
I have gotten this impression from **some** TBM's.
They don't have to be a disrupter, they can adapt to a new technology and instantly buy up a bigger market share.
I've seen 150 sr on a win streak, also use ur Xbox record that.
I think he's got a shit attitude, a horrible look, and is vastly overrated.
*May contain nuts*
Solid advise.
This is fantastic!
anita sarkeesian
It's had me once (where I've grabbed a 3.5mm jack) But I forgot the speakers had Bluetooth anyway.
wow your such a saint
I was confused as to why there were two Ns in the alphabet the ...L M N O.. and the ...W X Y N Z... I was in the turtle group for reading :(
To be fair everyone knows that type of people that would buy a MacBook Pro are the kind of people that would only use it for Facebook and to show off that Apple logo.
To bad he retired and they replaced him with his evil twin Zven
That sounds just.
You cannot reason people out of a position that they did not reason themselves into.
Thumbnail looked like they reinvented the Chauchat!
Just a rumor, I'm not sure who you heard that from
I put on my robe and wizard hat...
The first super mario bros game is my favorite pick up and play game
This is a great day for Canada, and therefore the world.
Or a sex dungeon.
Will it fit?
These are the types of plays I live for.
Give me an Ake goal first.
but is he an all star
Las Vegas Lyin' Knights
Having 120 FPS compared to 60 FPS on a 60Hz monitor will still feel smoother though, as the frames displayed on your monitor will be newer.
Did Obama forget that his Mom is white?
Thomas Jefferson was a secret Muslim!
I love how the crowd started booing when they handed it off.
Traits
Wouldn't it be nice if we lived in a world where criminals gave up their guns for a pizza?
I remember this particular line of hope: "Haha, Trump will never be president"
Are you implying that I can't both shit myself and cum?
Cringe
Lol can't be serious
I figured as much.
No pasta
I just ask because gals make more tending don't they?
Almost $4/gal here outside of DC!
Late at night, this big old house gets lonely.
Yes i know thats why it all depends on your social status or situation but my point is still relevant.
Really, can you elaborate?
Fuck that
Stop and go traffic often becomes just a chain of five meter drag races already to beat the boredom
Jailworthy hardly, it was just meant to be a pint with my pals but I ended up drinking 5 and hit someone with my car on the way home.
I have a big encounter approaching so I'll try to adjust it to make it urgent and deadly.
skt lose
Picking Nova.
The jump from the yellow ones to the next level is huge which is annoying.
He's not exactly beloved here.
$5000 will get you a nice used Honda or Toyota that won't break all the time.
Just kill me now.
Retroactively non-closing it, of course.
It's probably because they're not losing money and getting a regular stream coming in.
...Such as better battery stats, Greenify, kernel adiutor, CF.lumen
How is someone pking people in the wilderness an asshole?
My mind auto-corrected it so I didn't even notice till you said something.
Maybe they found out a black couple was allowed to get married in it.
No, it's always there.
Name a creature card "if the named card is..."
Dem buck teef!
o fuk
Balkman signed with the Petron **Blaze** Boosters
It didn't apply to friendly battles
That's not keeping much of an open mind
Another weak Democrat
Okay, so by extension of the same reasoning, why not Malay PM also?
r/techsupportgore
yup
I thought i was the only one who noticed it lol i was really active until Monolith then everything i posted was just swarmed with comments about how much i suck
Stunt woman for super girl
Adam Sandler
The best thing about this is that the case doesn't look like ass.
You don't even have to click, just hold the curser over the link for a few seconds.
Northid710 367 titan
Yes, thank you for raising my taxes and making it more expensive for my wife and son to get insurance...
could you elaborate a little bit more?
Has it been released already?
Then draw the fucking bunker!
Did you even watch spares stream?
Welcome to the cult of mech keyboard
But he's totally going to bring all our factory jobs back by scuttling all our current trade deals and raising import tariffs 35%
Ew clicky.
Because.
Man, i might have to start driving uber
Did you yell "AZIZ, LIGHT" at him?
Your privilege is showing
**Every** poll was wrong and people still defer to them like they're the Oracle of Delphi, it's mind blowing.
I think you meant cnnt.
Someone's never had a real meat and potato pie
Obviously he must be a Christian theocrat!
*thwack of a facepalm*
The Green Party is Better Than Bernie, better policies, and they don't sell out knowing their own party conspired against him
Still fun AF
Why shouldn't the hill billy's get to decide what's good for New York City?
9/11 never forget 11/9 always regret
Shh you're dulling his edge
I read that in heavy's voice It costs 2 cents to run this machine for...... 20 seconds
So, they wanted to rape her and kill him?
And motorcycle helmets.
Yeah because they didn't think to come up with a plan yet
Lync works and works perfectly
No it added 20 months
20 years - that is far thinking.
Wow, I didn't know I have so much influence and power over the state of the religion!
TIL Snapchat is actually Valve
Required to rank up in GC which WILL be a requirement for future content most likely since rank is now for a lot of things
LUL
About 80% more efficient and iPhone 8.
Never EVER forget the fact that Incineroar is literally fueled by hype
I meant first, when he took a lot of 3pt shots
That stick flip
Can anyone make this into a phone background?
Digital recording still wasn't ubiquitous at that time.
im 6/4/1/0 at 5000 trophies look at me
Orange skins make the ranger weapons look much better, though.
Make Mexico pay for it!
I didn't know Faendal was from the dawnguard dlc
Sterkte!
it is about commitment... the point that a girl can get attention and sex from a guy of significantly higher SMV if she does not require commitment.
Yeah... but reality has a liberal bias so it MUST be lying.
Why her vigina talking?
Relax guys we have a whole.quarter left!
Anyone know if there is a translated version of this?
This, Sirius is stacked already
You're correct.
But.. It means you have to lie!
Can you gimme 100mil please?
If you want progress, definitely.
Pay the man!....
No, it's because silly westerners find everything offensive
STV can be used to elect the president through any system that awards electoral votes, proportionally.
Wait, that wasn't in the movie.
K
Why did you say the same thing twice?
Dont line up dates more than 4 days away
yall
83 cents a month, such a huge difference.
Aka the asshole that never passes on 2k
Early onset parkinsons
28 hours......... My heart..... My soul...... It's going to be a long Monday :'(
I don't think they are so desperate to kill players, they have a button for that purpose (kill a random HC player) but they don't seem to use it often
This may help you:
The short one with brown hair?
This game doesn't reward the player that creates the best chances but rather it rewards the player that gets lucky.
Well, the swamps been drained!
that looks so fucking good
Yeah let's do this
They mix up London Bridge and Tower Bridge, because apparently some bridge in America was meant to be based on one of the two, but for some reason it wound up looking like the other.
no the bomb dond move from a he blast and i m not sure you can throw the bomb there
That makes the no scope more accurate also.
This is almost a full comme
That's my goal - I hatched 4 5 km eggs over the weekend, but sadly none were Porygon.
If anyone wants to guard babyfaced man bun, that would be great
Yep!
I can't protest I have to go to work and I have tickets to a basketball game
Met a dude who could not read his address he had lived at for the last 4 years.
I usually use hand cannons but I figured those would be really hard to use here I was thinking maybe clever dragon or blind perdition would work
Well that solves it Megyn Kelly is clearly a liberal shill!
It also would have made it really unbalanced though.
I'll argue just because SCar
As shocking as it is, the X compact is priced cheaper than the Z5 Compact
Really, if police can't get away with murder there's little hope for the rest of us with overblown egos and homicidal urges.
Literally 1 less cup driver in the race and everyone is wetting themselves.
*This video has been removed due to copyright claim*
He doesn't have a target on his leathers for nothing... Imagine JLo's reaction if AI 'helps' Rossi!
oh excuse me i didn't know drawing has serious problems to the back with all that sitting and stuff.
A credit card.
Nozdormu is great replacement as a win condition though.
*sigh*
LIFE'S TOO SHORT FOR BULLSHIT, GOTTA PARTY LIKE IT'S YOUR LAST DAY, EVERY DAY.
But...the battery is not made by Samsung right?
Well in that case they should waive it all off and just not put it out
My guess is the city is still mourning the Bombers
Are Leinster struggling to get fans to games?
Fake news sites like this are the reason the US is going to the shitter.
Hey, maybe that's the actual size of The Swarm
Thanks a lot, you gotta be right
Please deport.
He's still a dick.
Wtf dude, there are subtitles :S
What is "a dollar-fifty, what else would it be?"
I want you to know that just because I go through the ritual motions of your religion doesn't mean I believe.
No poison is not good right now in the meta
We just need a button to duplicate a bot if we have all the parts
Then all who voted for Hillary go for Jill
Did songs get cut on the LP version or where others added to the cassette?
interesting theory isnt it?
Idk can't you see all the viciousness and hate its eyes?
You forgot to add
One piece of baking paper which goes into the bin afterwards.
its about class not age!
im possible, there is a pity timer at 40 packs
How shocking!
She's so confident she named herself Tigress
Yeah, kick those old fuckers out of their homes!
Jep :-)
I see nothing wrong here
^ this.
Holy shit, one man army.
you're *spiritual* man... *fucking hippies*
Pming
Not sure if
If you leave now you should be able to make it in time
Can confirm as someone who ate one of the six sandwiches, it melted in my mouth.
I don't enjoy games...I enjoy the grind.
Which part?
Conservative thought doesn't exist......
NBA Open Court had a lot of respect for Grant Hill's game and potential.
If so, do I lose any network or voice capabilities ?
Spend 5 seconds longer trying to prove I'm right!
yeah but that is because of who he plays with
It's cringey how easily people like you downplay narcissism.
Celcius or Farenheit?
It's free trade because we're free to exploit defacto slaves but offload the social and moral responsibility to other countries.
Awesome, now just squeeze the state seal inside the buffalo so I don't get confused on which state it is.
To be fair to him, he's probably still getting over his father's death in Cuba
Controlled by Russia.
Yeah, fuck them, they don't deserve money for their work because they didn't meet my schedule.
You are dictating people's living preference for them.
Great point.
I think that this is actually Skynet just beginning to become self aware.
Yeah, because suicides in China have led to changes for the working class
But all their friends in Hollywood agree, and they are sooo much smarter then other Americans
Sliding in from behind, its a yellow
I know how it works, I was wondering if it's "net carbs=carbs-fiber-sugar" or just "net carbs=carbs-fiber"... It's the latter.
Your mom is awesome.
Gotcha, you just want to be a pissant.
Yeap.
Switch to Sprint!
HACKK
dammit Mounties, we can't win quadruple or nothing if you keep fouling like that...
My problem is I usually Puke and rally then wake up the next day and feel like I had a stroke.
Serving terrible text-to-speech realness.
because big blocks = moon = rich NOW!
Sounds like a fire rap lyric.
It's bad enough that in 2016 there are still round-earthers who believe in "gravity," but now they're using their made-up idea to support another made-up idea?
Lol I thought the election could never be hacked obama
Cute, you think the world still relies solely on the US and that many other countries can't fuck us over by doing it right back...
You mean Gattsu vs The Real Blackswordsman?
Looks like it's time for James Starks to SHINE!
Yeah cos he's a womanizer, and just wants to be surrounded by woman
I doubt 95% of people know what oxygen is.
now you just need to put a *dab* of memes into this
who was saying they didn't know each other?
I agree, only wealthy white landowners should be allowed to vote.
Some folks seek the constant validation and thrill of new or multiple partners.
yeah those coons can't reason
C U C K E D U C K E D
Literally Hitler
thats awesome congrats
make reddit great again!
Grey hard hat here, GT eFx Notorious
I'm sure Trump is going to be perfectly supporting of the first whistleblower that occurs under his watch
Because salt-hashing passwords is a completely overrated thing.
Where's Cyborg
Videl don't tell lies, the only way for an ele to survive is to have your guildie druid heal you through out the whole fight ;-)
Did suction cups from this fish or did this fish base this off our suction cups?
Yes, like lynching.
bungie never makes the same mistake twice
Man, it sure is great that the democratic process we have now stopped nepotism and corruption in Trump's election, as well as allowing for a progressive candidate to take the reins!
Didn't they both play basketball tho?
Couldn't have waited for the Switch, huh?
Yeah, instead of going to war, just undercut them in all their exports in the international market, give subsidies to local competing industries and work on the logistics infrastructure for those industries.
They're uneducated and misinformed.
Shhh don't you see this game was all Melo's fault
dank
Who can't either?
Where do you think the electricity used to charge it comes from?
Manifesting a certain person or a general soulmate?
Its all one st louis
So now I can lose my bag tag in a river?
I'm in the gtx 1080ti group
I'm sure the Republicans do though
CNN SUCKS!
No, its just for fun...
You're right, it was $59.99
You forgot the
Well I mean with the Balkans it could just be a stabbing
MOORE SIMS STACK BABY
Another dude thinking sgs is relevant :s
But losing weight is impossible and gaining weight is just your body settling into its natural set point.
Now Breaking on CNN - Wolf Blitzer and panel discuss how this all could have been avoided if there was no electoral college.
What and be in 3rd place?
God, kids these days don't dab like we used to
Yes Trumps driver is totally a mercenary
Might as well get rid of speed limits on roads, because people are already speeding every day.
Ur meant to buy the parts with plat or trade with people who have other syndicates.
forgot the
And?
Until dawn
I expected more bloodshed on NBC's rivalry night
None of those can synthesize speech the way it did at 3:14 AFAIK
This is a shitpost.
Just like with Benbrika.
The Premier League is only 24 years old
condolences on your loss of potential karma
Who the hell knows how to use the metric system?
How far down do I need to scroll before it's the Jews fault
I'd be scared as fuck if I met her like that in an alleyway.
Yeah and keys work great for clam shell packages too.
But the guy they killed is white, so who gives a fuck?
What would be a good tip?
Finally, a great, original post in this sub!
She wouldn't kiss daddy Trump on his lips.
Haha suck it, remainers!
Just ask Obama to turn it off.
Why not use a controller?
I thought Kirk's guitar had wah pedal pickups?
and got booted ....
But that's gay and gross
Without knowing anything or even reading the article, Im going to take the side of the police, because they are honest, just, and could never do wrong.
Yep, and people didn't hate Obama because he's black either.
Does journalism teach differences in two, too, and to?
Everyone who never had negative ads against them would have won.
underwater drones, dressed up to look like dolphins is my guess at the plan
It's not chips fault that he's a gang member
sorry, forgot to put the
You mean the Social Justice Warrior PhD program?
If I were to guess, you probably didn't max out inserter capacity bonus (which is expensive and very late-game) When blue inserters are at 3-magazines per rotation, they definitely are good enough to handle behemoths.
Well, considering the amount of cocaine he does... It is not surprising at all.
The 19 hour is the last, I've got 4 more of the buildings to finish before I won't have any more to build.
There have been plenty of terrorist attacks though, the fact that they weren't 'foreign' terrorist attacks seems like the wrong thing to get hung up over I think
You dont need a support if everyone on the enemy team iz dead :(
Burn!
Your voice is perfect.
Vivaldi for Life
you forgot the
well post it there again and constantly get reffered back
This could easily go in r/depression.
I didn't realize that enforcing a law more strictly and stoping people from abusing visa and work permit loop holes was a lunatic thing to do, huh the more you know.
Fun, as in "the brakes don't work".
Trigger finger Jones will be performing his hit single die bitch die to help end gun violence.
SO CUTE
See how much you died
I get the feeling Chris would be the kind of wolf that would just break into the homes and stab the pigs to death with a stiletto.
Hope let's you move 4% faster but nobody is running that, wonder why?
In case someone forgot what number comes after 2.
My money back.
I can see no way, this could be abused
Done!
Come on man, she's speaking at 20k per seat fundraisers, just not to *you*.
:I
Yeah, it was originally 1/1+, I'm sure of it
Now get the rest of the extended family
DOD YOU JUST ASSUME THE WALLS RACE
But, but, hipsters.
delporable
Yeah they were so right in claiming the stylus was dead too!
But if I redline it, the engine will warm up faster!
TRAITOR!
sweet map, from the video it looks like 50 sec normal run and like 46 wr?
I have to drive through downtown to get home, and I was thinking this exact same thing while I had to sit through three cycles of a light because of this exact problem.
High resolution but it can only see in 30 fps
Great idea, let's just throw away 6+ months of development because people didn't want the armor sets the way they were presented.
Of course it would, everyone wants 20 minute grind fests each game.
If they can die, I would assume yes.
Good thing ICANN is going to end up in the hands of the UN!
Nah, he's going to pick up Boze and Silly.
I think it's the other way around- cold sores are oral herpes.
I mean obviously was
Nah, not worth.
Just like a true leader should!
I understand his issue tho, having to actually look, or stop to make a right hand turn would grind the city to a halt.
Also, drug runners and smugglers know about boats Yeah, build a wall, that'll stop 'em, sure thing.
Have the courage to not be able to add an SD card
No, CNN said there is nothing to see here.
Damn, that might legitimately be V3 in my gym!
With a sample size of 6, who clearly represent the general population
No this is great news, now the market system will be forced to increase wages to teachers and everything will be great!
You just don't get it, Man!
With such consistency as Voltorb, Jynx, and Muk it's easy
The lads gone mental
4 and Mics
And he still got the good ending
just ram sanctum prelate into the list then!
Are they new pokemon?
Perfect Views by Rogue
and man those sold like hotcakes
Oh no, how terrible!
Wow aren't you a cool bean
Given Pakistan's track record, the onus should really be on them to disprove their involvement.
I'm pretty sure CBJ makes up more than 1% of the league.
To speak.
That's it I unfriend you
did you drop this?
no you just don't understand, this game I've been playing for hours every single day for the past couple years is getting boring
Yeah 4 plates is light from him to squat but 405 lbs landing on you is still going to cause damage.
So if I make two extra knots, one of which has a short tail, I am still going to die?
All of Eastern Europe is Russia
MTGO is not a good client by any means, magic is really expensive, but Magic is a really amazing game.
Shit,Lets nerf him again
Yea, I would suspect our military and economic power around the globe to collapse the moment he takes office
Yeah but they do it for themselves!
He says it like it is!
Looks like dickey's pitching into the post season :p
IF this is true... Goodbye Jack, and thanks for all the crunching tackles...
Oh, well that's much better then.
Slide in the 'Shrek' opening as a cutscene, label it 'super_ee_ending'.
Next thing you'll tell me is that the police are merely there to enforce laws and not "to protect and serve"!
Shit were will i get all my shemale porn now
Liberal biased media!
Maybe because of the curacao guys... It said exactly gold, and 2 curacao players needed but there's only 1 gold curacao player in the game :p
Except for a brief period when the Spin Doctors were making albums.
Its basically a faster sprint plz no nerf 4th ulty
You mean like Trump...?
I think it's clear Suter is not a top-20 defenseman.
I think you mean James Richard?
They might be taking the NRG approach
I was thinking about that good to hear some feedback, thanks.
Well if the patriarchy hadn't hired her because of her looks we wouldn't have had this issue in the first place!
literally unplayable.
Underwhelming Fuck off Gladys Knight is the shit.
When backtracking means slowly drifting through a minute and a half of tunnels and such, then it warrants attention from the devs cos that's a pretty shitty state to have a basic mission in.
It says so in the news so This Time It's DifferentTM
But no interceptions!
Seriously, Facebook should just keep their money out of this and let the free market bring us only a 3rd of these games.
my man
It's like impoverished people in the third world have never heard of starvation mode.
what, they don't want another 6 houses?
at the time it was part of Britain though
It was a Haas inside job in Australia
Right, because the majority often votes to welcome the minority on equal terms without compulsion.
But Donald Trump is by far much worse than Killary Klanton!
I'm sure Gary is handling that just fine.
Yeah I'd be pissed too if my MacBook would come with a prototype keyboard.
I'll have "life" for $500, Alex.
;) forgot the
No, no...they are saying; stay in your office and work all the time and never have fun, ever.
Why would there be Tupperware in the oven?
Well that was tasteful
Well, all the prod Jains are sacrificing their eggs for this country.
That explains why he wore it in the comics.
Thanks for posting leading me to this I spend a lot of time watching cooking videos and now I can stir this into the mix!
If there's one thing this sub loves, it's Catholicism.
I'd reenact the bathroom scene from full-metal jacket using live ammunition.
r/politics is unbiased
Oh great.. You're one of 'those' gamers, aren't you?
How dare anyone be in support of the stadium.
I guess It's a feature then.
But that's not his intention, so it's okay.
Yes Son?
But the courts don't have any authority over them!
They don't let no mere fact get in their way of the "truth".
I think it's bad form to criticize the umpires in New York for making such a tough call
Thank you though!
thank you very much for it
Now do some ANOVA comparing drop rates of other purples whilst using the upstairs toilet vs the downstairs toilet.
My mario kart detachable controller will definitly give me the edge in the competive enviroment.
5.5 at the moment lol
MUHAHAHA!
That dude has abs on his back, Jesus Christ
@ Dranginator Sure it is
Stop mansplaining, you should know better than to correct somebody who didn't ask to be corrected, that is literally rape.
I mean they only call him Remy several times in the movie and nobody ever calls him Ratatouille, easy mistake.
I was told the same about downtown Boston and it actually seems like it may have gotten better recently... definitely a little peeved about band 12 performance being so horrible at first though (and still not great).
Don't give leafeator any ideas
But they could use it for a funding source
Xicor?
Because that's exactly what everyone wants right now.
Nazeem
Ah yes if there is one thing the Republican party is no doubt known for it is helping the poor and homeless.
You would end buried in the Mojave, pal.
Holy shit, really?
Yeah, the protestors are totally the ones who started the violence.
You dropped your
There's your problem right there, the thermal paste has left the building.
It is, Cody is the reason McCown is playing bad..shhhh don't tell anyone...HAHAH
He's definitely not easy, but imo easier than rengar
But not quick enough to count as suicide.
I loled.
Being 19, I've only got 2 decades to draw on (clearly this question isn't aimed at me) but 0-9, easiest years of my life, no question!
After a year and a half of publicly harassing them himself...
Trump will be too busy winning in 2020 to campaign.
The F, the A, and the G, ok.
Yup, that Moto is pink.
US, east coast
Or they could run like a pussy like what I do every time.
I'd kill to have one with Shortgaze and Hidden Hand, I wouldn't even care what the other perks were LOL
according to the article if i read that right is that its still kinda illegal but police won't care unless you have other worse illegal stuff going on
He that lives by the guillotine shall be guillotined.
The same mod who removed both posts
I don't think he could lift the boulders.
It's a long road, but it sounds like it'll be a decent option.
Thank you, I didn't know that.
my dad did this when he discovered emojis every now and then he sends me a text with nothing in it but spiders and poop
In the debate their was nothing about personal taxes, at least not that I'm aware of
We don't have Donald Trump as our leader we gave Stevan harper the boot maple syrup is great our soldier's are more peace keepers then wariors *but when they have to fight they do a great job at it cough ww1* also who else has a leaf for a flag eh?
Photoshopped
And don't forget a love for hockey!
With michigan done you guys are really grasping at straws here.
Have you tried whining like a little bitch about it?
CM Punk's ass.
Thats how Ive always done it, it's just a bonus if i do well on a segment
Escalators are pretty common though and if the building is fairly in demand it is really tough to get it out.
Exploitation is the sincerest expression of caring to be sure.
Thx for this pro advice it totally helped, after reading it I went out and got 3 640 attack excal lightning friends so I could use pro as an exp grounds
I bet that tastes exactly as good as it looks.
Patriarchy at work.
The extreme density of Mike Pence is probably causing some problems balancing and controlling the aircraft.
Apparently the promise of a massive poundland wasn't enough to gather them all.
'There's this Dalamadur up on this area and we fear it will destroy the entire world, go slay it hunter' Doesn't sound like they want it for personal gain to me
seven or eight, and thirteen.
Well he does have some of the best catching stats but he's just too slow for me to even consider.
Young Lampard!
Just enabling dx11 support will help absolutely nothing
This picture made me shiver lol.
Well I won't touch SkyUI but have to in order to make mods work.
Its like they didnt even consult an aerodynamicist before making the scene!
Why gardes and not Ogres?
Force, of course!
muh Hitler.
But if he cant produce with McDavid he is a total bust and should be traded for nothing ASAP
You should have stopped after beer
I just want a visual experience up to par with 2008 games
Shut up Canada, no one cares
After this year we all deserve a white shame rally.
No u can't... When c4s are released you will want more stuff (so will I) and we will never be satisfied with what we got
You'd think with Freddy fucking Galvis hitting 20 HRs he did something right... But whatever
I love how Blizzard still has us thirsty for her despite all of the hate for the ARG.
Oh god, malbouros in that game were horrible because of that.
Yes, put in as they are able, the broadest shoulders carry the load.
OK, so besides cars, generators, plastic products and anything with an internal combustion engine...then they are 100% fossil free.
Heads up for the loftier version too, the *tallrus*
its pretty funny
Thats justhow he wants to vote
This would explain kiddie fucking priests...
It hasn't been to start this year, for what that is worth.
Cool, I'm curious to see how it works out!
chinese plasticc
This one is older than the internet!
The nicegal in her natural habitat
You forgot
It didn't because it's a fake story.
1533 copies and counting.
Sticky please This should be our commercial
Lol, I wouldn't let goats even walk on some of the road here, let alone sidewalks.
Yeah that seems to be the effects of the latest patch, although there will be another one later this week when the DLC is released, hopefully that will fix these issues.
Me too thanks
Yeah we use it especially in peds
It's President-Elect Trump you smark
dead mem
Why did this remind me of Arby n' the Chief?
In that case I think we are over estimating the speed of the average modern human's speed:)
No his opinion is wrong.
Thanks, man.
Indeed they do but I mostly mean the DBS aliens resemble Amanto.
Dumbasses are their core demographic...
Making Krassie AN gives us a better shot at getting out the puppy killer
Which McGee do we get today
Oops I think I replied to the wrong comment, I agree with your point.
Isn't that the case for most of us in the Prairies?
It's for mobile users
Savage
The meta is always changing and yes, ground is more versatile but air will make a comeback, even if it's short lived, you want to be prepared for it.
When it comes to what side of the road, I don't really see a difference at all tbh.
There needs to be an off option.
If you're not as into ballpoint pens you could always look at getting the Pentel energel bl407, it's an all-aluminum pen that takes Pentel energel refills and they are by far the smoothest gel refills available.
Yup
You're assuming people would only want the convention minifigures to complete a collection.
Even if it makes you feel an uncontrolable desire to punch whatever/whoever is playing it?
because I fed mine don't know why T-T
It would be a really big callout to the market if they couldn't.
What time does it start?
Awesome, but why no Baez or Hammel?
you really don't think that they're going to split the carries between the two?
And I tryyyy Oh my *gosh* do I try!
Yet when adults do that, they're told they have an alcohol problem..
With that logic, Tranzit is our favorite map.
As a general rule of thumb, the more important the issue is to large numbers of working people, the less interesting it is to corporate media You don't say...
I think she got sick from having to be so close to the odious presence of Trump, I'm really worried about the debates now
saved [](/Kreygasm)
RieserFS would like to have a word with you...
When I was in high school we convinced my gym teacher that basketball had a four point line; anything past half court.
No, for sure, but your response implied something very different.
I'm sure the Trump campaign will graciously appreciate the subtlety.
May your Goop never slow this speedwreck enough, clever dragon
let me know when they make a lemon meringue Pi.
r/titlegore
Dark times ahead
Yes, and I'm literally shaking because of how much your post triggered me
BE THERE OR BE A CIRCLE, WAIT
What else?
Lol no one reads the articles, no fake news is consumed.
California is so expensive to live in, though.
3 votes for the price of one!
God is dead and we killed him
I see you are from the Haidtian School of Esoteric Memetics.
You forgot the
Ori shows up with her ball MIA and she has a Shaco on her team so what else could possibly be going on besides them about to fuck you with no lube
Fascism is real and Trump is the leader of fascist America.
Name means Pseudo wood, meaning it's not wood
That's racist.
I will probably draft something, and come back to it in a few days to make sure that I have completely thought it through.
Wasn't that ship sunk even earlier in one of the walkaround flashes were he straight up said the feelings were unrequited?
Maybe he'll become a city landmark like Angelo
Finnish here, normal for us too.
Ya because Republicans worked together with Democrats for the past 8 years
Lmfao shut the fuck up
You must be aware that your brother is by no means an accurate representation of the average social conservative.
Insecurities uh... find a way.
In an election which Bernie surely would have won.
If DMX had access to the internet when he was like, 13.
Do it if you think it's safe to do so :)
All the lefties that decided to move to Canada because Trump won are starting to make themselves felt over there.
Corner Gas.
I might be blind or just too tired but I don't see your point here.
Yes, because girls moan and squeal full throttle when masturbating with family in the house.
As a troll response, actually he didn't win.
I hate that there are two UTs
Never said it did, I was talking about the old man who started the whole situation
Whoosh
His album is hotter tho.
I always wanted another recession.
Sure bro, sounds like a great deal and because I know nothing about supreme I'm gonna assume you aren't trying to rip me off!
Ofcourse it's legal.
Haven't gotten it yet
not 7-3-8?
No, everything is all the same, and it's white people's fault regardless.
You just can't accept N. Fredbear was a girl this whole time, can't you?
Why do you say that?
in a decent society, people like this are shunned instead of party nominees
Oh god please no
Just broke three personal records: - Most hastily achieved erection - Most savagely dashed hope - Most hastily lost erection Thanks for that, OP.
Putting your health before the nation, typical nationalist
Ma anche lei, dai, lo sanno anche i sassi che non bisogna mai dire ad un tassista la strada da fare!
lol
What's this crosshair?
The day we invaded Iraq.
This games physics suck
So **THAT** was the first FNaF1 teaser.
Unfortunately not.
Yeah, I have a Zdeno Chara stick that is 160 flex, a foot and a half longer than stock, and is probably 30% thicker than a normal stick.
BC quora bana diya
add me
Obviously baby boomers have a long history of never rioting
In your case, you could rub one out in that time period!
Are you sure he's not related to 4 out of 7 of the beach boys after initially being related to 1 out of the first 4?
A team like splyce should pick him up seems really good
Very attractive
Slather on a bit more patchouli and the bear will realize that you're a friend
Not enough calories for American standard...
Imagine what he could've been if he had a work ethic like Ronaldo
Yaaasssss Don Carlos!
Of the top of my head conservation orders on areas of habitat even if they fall on private land, with compensation of course and/or a grant system to encourage farmers to voluntarily preserve and maintain land that would otherwise be left go to scrub.
On the other hand Tychus is almost always available which is skyrocketing my MMR.
Neither is the 100k they could have made if they rebought at 6 and sold at 1000.
Any better than the Detroit Little Caesar's?
Enjoy those tears because soon enough after Ryan and his ilk fuck up SS, Medicare and the ACA even more, liberals are going to be drinking in yours.
Yeah, it just sounds like the free market meant these jobs were just less viable without the government intervening and forcing these jobs to remain when the market obviously deems them inefficient
How does a baby know how to use reddit?
But then they just tell me, "Not today"
You are less likely to get yourself killed if you stay at home reading books, so it makes sense.
It's probably mostly corn fillers, so it's technically a vegetarian sandwich.
Yeah, which is a load of steaming BS.
Not sweaty enough
Same
Tell that to the right wingers
Sorry, not deep enough, it isn't hitting the top of this massive pot.
Yeah, the guy who won the Clio Cup this year and only missed out on last year's title due to bad luck totally lacks the pace.
Literally every single year Lundqvist plays bad at the start and then becomes a god.
Spoken like a true rayciss!
Blue Waffles.
Fucking keyboarder.
I want an official Red Ryder carbine-action 200-shot range model air rifle with a compass in the stock, and this thing which tells time.
And the article yesterday revealed from which floor he jumped from.
They mention Arin off the cuff about his new animation project.
Are those Model-Ms?
It's a good thing you posted it on Reddit!
lol, I was thinking that but I didn't want to seem bitchy.
How do you feel about the egghead hour never actually lasting an hour?
Lol this is some of the most selfish shit I've read in a while.
I refer you to my original post.
No, but we're masters of passive-aggressiveness and fellating customers.
Didn't school teach you that having your appearance validated by a stranger is the best thing in the entire world?
re re re reeeeepooooost
you will have a great time with all the hate and intolerance Islam contains then
GERMANY YES MORE REFUGEES AND IMMIGRANTS IF YOU DISAGREE YOU'RE A RACIST NATIONALIST ISLAMOPHOBIC BIGOT
TIL you can carry bear traps around
HAHAHAHAHA
Well Pence wasn't running for President!
Winnibg olimpyc gold is like winning XFL championship
NBK was the best support in world when playing that role
Man I love Rancid, and pretty much all of their albums.
That smile though...
He should use 16.12.2 because 16.12.1 has issues that mess with online gameplay over wifi.
But only shillary has echo chambers
How many more votes would PRESIDENT Trump have if they recounted crooked Dem states?
But they have a mandate to do as they wish!
Titanforged refers to any item which is upgraded 15 or more levels beyond its base ilvl.
Scouting grounds looked like a really chill environment wish we could see more....
Yeah but then the truck might get scratched, that's why we have the trailer.
But dude, what if T_D users aren't actually assholes, and their posts have just been edited to make them look like assholes?
HIGH ENERGY
We refer to ours as Rosie the robot.
That would probably have been better for them, honestly
Well he was not black....
I mean, the no-fly zone would've quite possibly led to this...
This is bait admins u/ksan u/MasCapital
ShahZam
I can't believe this, a 10 year old could see how crooked all of this is yet the left is going about their business as if it's all okay.
Oh, so they like to get freaky eh?
Conker's Bad Fur Day from N64
But it's wrong to vilify an entire group of people because of the actions of a person or an extremist subgroup of them, except if they're muslim or mexican, then it's OK.
Agreed, just pointing out that it is possible, and I imagine it will become more common as time goes on, so eventually it won't be an issue.
NY Times asking the really hard questions.
I hope there's a scene with Tony Stark and Stephen Strange where someone says something like "No shit, Sherlock" and they both look at each other or something.
I too judge entire groups of people based on what 1 person says.
I just wish I could manage to score ONCE so I could finish off that damn quest...
Ty :)
What, you don't like your money supply tied to something someone digs out of the ground?
Reality has a liberal bias.
In think the "the" is just part of him stumbling over himself while saying "cross attack'.
I'll let you know Monday.
love stories with the guy next door will not bring you anywhere, pal.
This feels like an ad.
Not to mention Simon too, really surprising!
I wasn't aware that our behavior set the mold for every other advanced civilization
A man worries that a woman won't suck his dick, but turns out she sucked 37 dicks in a row.
The guy that said Miki is start, seems pretty reliable.
Well with the new Ottoman events, government type, the updated missions, I would give them another try.
#FIRST ^^OR ^^^^Nothing
Rightfully so because we are so fuuuuucked
I knew my glass botle soda habit would pay off.
Grow home would make a fantastic VR game.
Nothing, because I wouldn't have to work.
Glad to see my home town San Antonio reppin' on the front page...
Yeah, I expect we'll improve pretty dramatically on last year with a new coach and a (fingers crossed) better injury list, but based on those statistics I can't realistically see any other club being shit enough to fall below us on the ladder.
No don't you see the paint tray?
Because you need GeForce experience to use an Nvidia card
It's like Alex Jones and Huffington Post had a disgusting love child
This is a sub of tolerance.
That would work except that some phones get rid of unneeded bands and more likely than not you will get a carrier locked bootloader
Needs buff should be able to hit opponents tower from behind your own tower tbh
The Donald was an inside job.
I've said that a few times on here lol
Shots fired
Yeah that actually sounds more likely to happen to XD
r/threadkillers
Looks like Gloryhammer has a new guitarist.
Relevant flair
Not to take away from KMart but Tim Duncan did that too
Yeah you know, I'd gather my friends and we'd instantly know how to shoot, gather intel and logistics, navigate the tough mountainous terrain etc, I've seen them do it in movies.
So... Fer being the next to leave SK confirmed!
Good appointment IMO worked with great staff in great teams who have a good opinion of him
I also believed in a drug free Baltimore
Accomplishing what exactly?
**"Should"** What could go wrong?
The media!
Khat eating loud yelling spitting crazyeyes dudes just being obnoxius:) i got snitched by One of those guys and had a visit from the Police:D
Finally a great Shitpost
make some chopsticks instead
Did it hurt
What cake?
Yeah I read that I could turn in my turbo for 250 off the pixel
Because he's going to make America great again!
... Okay then guess everyone on Reddit needs the
Its done for because *I* don't like it!
you haven't worked at a mall in the month before christmas huh
If the "hand up" principle doesn't really work for welfare not sure why it would work here as a long term solution.
Northeast rider here: what are powder fields?
In otherwords under Communism Poles became as poor as the Jews had been before the war... What comes around and all that
That doesn't sound like the response of a clueless high school kid at all.
Yea cause legacy was way better.
Thank you armchair theory crafter.
i fucking love godel so much
Thanks yeah I've been working on my saves
I'm pretty sure they showed a Treant going invisible by a Monkey Tree on the Slacks stream from test client...was that intended?
Lots of people are not takings showers; It's cold outside
I'm sure you have more experience handling Tigers than I do, let's go with your answer.
no assad is an angel obv, only reason syria is in this state is the devil coalition against him , i hope the good guys will win
You sound like you're a lot of fun.
What a beautiful bunch of charities
I mean... she did such a good job with April O'Neil!
When you use free cam, any NPC that wasn't originally in your field of view in the normal camera is rendered with messed up faces and limbs that don't sync properly with the body
Refusing to take a salary while in office is exactly what someone does who's in it to stuff their bank account.
Only if you also have infinity lifespan.
Where do you live?
The Keyblade Graveyard looks weird in this picture.
Women amirite?
But I thought the CIA was our friend now
Deet
Using written numbers and numerals in the same sentence = Genius level
companies would *never* do that!
Cause no one wanted to cheer for hilary.... Except for the one time just trying to be funny.
Also make it so it cannot be resisted.
Wait, the US doesn't always do the right thing always?
Only Nintendo confirming a delay will confirm a delay.
Yeah Bungie, Go around to all the *potential* cheaters' houses and physically stop them from using a lag switch.
its not like you hold it... in your hand or anything.
It wouldn't be so bad if the movie had actually been good.
Isn't buckbeak a weird name for a cat?
why not rename to relevantslavia?
The 7 Year "fish" Itch
yeah but all that extra protein means it's healthy.
Because the market fixes everyting!
So will driving to work.
the reporter is fairly clueless
Oh no, the chances of a fictional character reciprocating my love are crushed!
Cascade
You joke, but how else could they know there are sexy singles in my area, and that I'm interested in that.
Decaf was not ok because of the appearance of evil.
please stop posting this every day...
No as a former service worker it's mostly true
Doing what was successful and deciding to not run Zenner was the adjustment...
Nee joh, hoezo?
But, uh, did you help him tho?
good point?
I see you found the official Trump hose....
Was it 2k13 IEM FN.RC vs SK Gaming the legendary xpeke backdoor.
It's OK, someone is getting empowered!
I think three or four more times just to make sure everyone knows.
NYXL master race
Yeah responsible drug use doesn't exist
W E W L A D E W L A D
What a great step
But oh uh Rasmussen has always been owned by you rethugglikans pls ignore it's pro Clinton edge
UGH I CAN'T BELIEVE UBI IS WASTING TIME MAKING HAMMERS LIKE THIS WHEN THEY HAVENT FIXED THE NETCODE, DISCONNECTS, LAG, BAD CUSTOM HEADGEAR, HIT REG ISSUES, AAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH
Well you're the one that doesn't follow reddits traditions by honoring the holy
They are just bitter that their hero Rio left F1
Play Volt.
I thought we had another thread for shitposts like this
Is tonight's breaking news story on Anderson Cooper 360
no fuk off delfy find it foirst noob fuc you noob
He's just super lucky with his 60 shots
Tsm Prolly confirmed
Because if they combined the divisions - there would be no women champions.
Right, because Reddit has done so well at ruining careers and bad products.
I thought she was perfectly healthy and questioning it made you a conspiracy theorist like Alex Jones.
Dan likes China?
Cultural Appropriation!
It's called street photography, and it's okay because it's art.
Then git gud and make team ff@20. simple
You dirty fuckin casuals don't DESERVE crates
There was the promote meta a while ago.... fun times those were
Shit sorry, I dropped this:
Nope
yes, everyone in burkas are free from any pat downs...
Typical patriots resigning all the cheaters.
Remember that time we wasted 1:30 minutes before the half instead of trying to put up some points... Good idea!
Hey, man, you did what you thought was right and I commend you for that.
Hey, at least he was persistent.
I agree, looks way sicker from my perspective.
They can't, they hit their data cap
So is it just because so many great athletes are Catholic?
Feel free to steal the baby
Quality journalism from the Verge and Vox media as always
Science Technology Engineering Math In other words guy stuff that feeeeemales don't understand because they are too dum.
Add everyone as your friend on steam besides him then go private
You still looking for Chakrams?
He is one of the "good guy" toxic buddies though
Go back to reddit everyone, your karma and your arguments mean something
Because words on a piece of paper say so.
Not putting #BLM Looks like you don't want to get in
Don't you mean R-ow-ly?
Yeah but what about those emails?
1000 down votes equal 1 electoral vote right?
This is perhaps the most quality post I have ever seen.
Is the S7 a bomb?
DOVA
I was kind of hoping they'd stick a 2 minute section of the movie followed by SIR Guy in front of every episode for the next 3 year to be honest.
HUR DUR I DUN WANNA WAIT TIL THEN I WANT NAO K FUK LUKA WHAT A FEG.
This is anecdotal I suppose, but every anti-vaxxer that I personally know if conservative politically.
Next unique flask idea, right there.
Are these the domestic terrorists they've been talking about?
He wants to drive her to get one so he can break the deal.
RIP Priest.
I think OP needs some party hat codes to make up for the bug, clearly
I don't know, bogans can be pretty sexually ambiguous
I think you mean downhill..
Guess we are picking 1st this year
You never raw dogged it?
Another Blairite poll!
But have enough time to take a selfie.
Toda la derecha bajo vigilia por posibilidad de suicidio.
Under 17 I could run that in under 17
see, now were talking real problems
I was told I need a new hard drive so I pulled this out of my computer.
Sounds like the logical thing to do...
Hah, with jokes like that the ladies will be queuing up......
Shady is shady, probably laughing it up in their high chairs at all the idiots throwing gems at a purposefully mislabeled spawn.
Don't dare question the proud, inclusive and colourful culture of those inspiring orangemen!
Ah yes, I live in Canterbury, there is a museum dedicated to this great battle!
Why didn't we intervene and set up a democracy in Germany before they built the Panzers?
What better way to indoctrinate than good ol' peer pressure?
That's very helpful, thanks.
Which was obviously referring to him outstriking Silva
To be fair, they were probably black innocent people.
It's probably a reference to the journaling implementation that's going to save all of our asses.
Cause my opinion matters
Judging by how much the UFC did to cover it up, I totally agree.
HyperShadows1 375 Warlock with experience and OP
And everyone was honest about the Iraq war.
Hard Brexit means hard Brexit!
Drumpf fans just want her in jail because she's a women in politics, she must be cheating!
grab her by the pussy
Carmichael had a sponsor in Monster, which left for Kyle and Kurt, and left him sponsorless in the trucks, which he wasn't really lighting the world on fire
Weird how democrats have crowd funded the funds to help them rebuild and nobody is reporting that....that act of arson is so deplorable that is has to be an inside job.
Yeah super creepy.
Youth**er** Team, claro.
Tell him starving babies is evolution in action.
The moon landing
As I said, it looks an awful lot like a collective scam from banks.
thank you for trying to monopolize on trade hubs in highsec
Came for the title...was slightly mislead
Yeah all 12 of them.
Get Gud
Man, karma is after you
You forgot to include the
I think it's too early to criticize fans who aren't critical.
Is his name Tony?
But bro you had a sexual thought about a guy bro that makes you 1000% gay bro.
Were those all nipple spikes?
yeah, which is why we waste money on things that generals don't even want, but I guess that makes sense
Your pc is upside down!
Misleading, that's actually an area the size of Greenland
Because we need more siege obviously.
And the Kino Poster right?
You know there is nothing like kicking back on the couch and watching Netflix on your iphone.
Unless you're asking for a Master's in Education (and most ministers, Shadow or otherwise are lacking a higher degree in their subject), I don't see how achieving A-levels or GCSEs is vital compared to experience accrued in the work-place.
Just go WarOwl statistic mode on why its a balanced gun Totally wont get you kicked
H2K and EU are still the best western region though.
Perhaps blacks also shouldn't be "offended" when overhearing non-blacks use the word "n_gger", or Pakistanis hear "P_ki"?
Ciara outclasses Quaid, that's why he's not there.
ohhhhhh now it all makes sense
To be fair after training Lee sin for 1 hour in world stage he manage to utilize lee sin skill completely on the first 10 minutes of the game.
Rockstar definitely cares about losing your specific cancelled preorder.
Yeah it was Marc Colombo, and then matt toeina
Yeah... but having to delete it from your phone and download it again in each update isn't an isue to casual players
yeah.. sweet hour quick matches sound fun..
Gul'dan should've just said ENOUGH, stunned the raid, and waltzed off to Argus.
Name-calling &amp; cursing at someone always gets you what you want.
Vandalism, that'll show em how level headed the "I'm With Her" side is.
No the correct action to take is fervently oppose any new development like you are old and crankt while screaming "NIMBY!!!"
Global warming solved!
Of course Steph is socially liberal, she started the women's revolution!
You pick whichever sounds more appealing to you, and run with it.
Now that you took a picture of it you spoiled the ballot!
This card will work with the Gameboy advance e-reader add-on though I'm not sure what will come up.
You wanna help me reimagine SL?
And worst of all, he's not trolling
Crobat is gonna be so lit, mega beedrill stab is too real
Gotta go to felwinters peak dude
What's it about?
~Theodore John Kaczynski
(She did it knowingly)
I did get SP Axel, so maybe
I'm in a custom PPR, he had a good 2nd week in my league, he's been rather consistent actually.
Only need like 50 revives
I am in Europe and only saw them used once and then with poor form
Easy there, Jaden!
Smaller player base though which to me is more important which is why I have both
Be sure you say "please" when you ask for the money.
That DE lost the script
Oh no people will be able to pay to get to the good part of the game, how absurd
And their lack of gun control is how they couldn't rule ours.
So a regular meme?
My pit dane loves my brothers friends who is at least 6'2" plus the friend loves wrestling and cuddeling on the ground with him.
Greetings to your wife, and kerp up the good work!
Can I get a box of raisins?
I've never met someone that tried to push a trashcan... kids not too bright.
They use voter files: states maintain a list of registered voters, and the campaign knows where they live, which elections they voted in, possibly their party ID and race, and some other info.
A really nicely wrapped box filled with $15 worth of oats.
It is my fault for choosing a version without the big beautiful tits.
GOAT or Grailed
I mean with USADA aren't UFC fighters cleaner than in the past?
Yes-that is very important!
39 kills in 29 rounds holy fuck
But is it a sci-fi kiss or a fantasy kiss?
No like I am by no means a hardcore gamer but this dude is always trying to tell me how I'm playing this game wrong so I am going to prove that I know what I'm doing
It was always in the game, just at an occurrence rate which made it statistically impossible to get in any reasonable time, it's completely untrue to say it's only just been hotfixed in when it was technically available all along.
Except the prequels did not have an unproven director and they were a huge commercial success?
FO Mahonys would probably be your best bet if you go this route.
My Christian neighbors have never called me a whore for wearing shorts though...
Oh man how it must suck to be a deplorable right now watching all your dreams come crashing down.
Is that a draft team or something?
The power of star aimers can't be stopped in they are playing in form
Not as bad as orthodontic quadratic expander and braces and tooth extraction :P
What if I have Bennett as my TE?
But your chances of getting whacked in the head by a schizophrenic with a hammer are just as high.
are those fancy new cars going to have tires?
B-but her face is a little slimmer.
Something is wrong with that girl.
What the actual fuck are those..
No such level can be reached, much like absolute zero
I want this so bad
Devs may think like the community in general that those cards' power at release was a mistake.
Sometimes I forget the
This doesnt feel very confirmed
Lol it wasn't $2,000 a year even before the hike.
Jesus... tell betty rubble to get some shoes and some class while she's at it
Can't be saying that man, or else you're a creepy bastard!
that is really good
After enough time a person is just like a never-smoker I guess.
Awesome man thanks!
What happens if you don't save him
The "best" people
Just to clarify, I doubt *all* females have a bad attitude, just as *all* males don't have a good attitude (in regards to the tourney scene)
I like my Frontier...
Not sure if you read anything I wrote.
Aren't you glad they built all those freeways instead?
I hear that he is fabulous.
What a manipulative cunt
Not since his McLaren days.
Holy shit does anyone know when the last time that happened was?
She deserves it.
Uhm.. yeah, you don't say?
Woosh
When it comes to politics on Reddit, feelings are apparently the only thing that matters, while those same people will hold themselves in some sort of high regard as "smarter" than the "others" because they're on Reddit and "read the internet".
No good bitching about him here
East suburbs circuit and woodland circuit :)
Just hoping it doesn't mean he's retiring
Can do.
I'm hot blooded!
How do I get black holes to look like that?
I have often done european vacations in the winter- less tourists, you just have to bundle up!
Yeah, but picks are a common smith's tool.
I just don't want to have to buy a dongle for my partner.
Nah Perez was in his head.
I like your name
Yea, but Clinton did too, and that's much worse!
na OPs idea of stabbing her "friend" when she comes back is wayyyyyyyyyy better
The assault weapons don't suck at all... lol
Im sure OBJ would love to be under a coach as controlling as Saban
Honestly, i'm a huge DBZ fan and imo Superman is op.
That ship has sailed.
r/jesuschristreddit
If trump gets more than 20% of the vote in this state I would say he had a successful day
Nah at around 37~41 it turns gold and then after that, back to silver
saying something is cringe is cringe AF seriously that word needs to die.
I'd guess it's his character's name in his new Witch Hunter movie.
Well anybody, who is not blind or zealous console player, will tell you as much.
These..."arm pants"...such an idea is quite intriguing
What about the spike on 9/11?
Of course the drainage Nazis show up.
Thanks for all the info!
Man, if the Spurs don't want Pop anymore the Sixers would gladly take him.
What happened to unconditional love?
Tell your friend to bind scrollwheel to jump, then he's forced to use the buttons and can hopefully learn to bhop at the same time, it's how I did it.
Broken arms
The Oscars are about money, not about actual performance.
Romney should just save himself and try again in 2020.
Not for America!
Of course it is.
Ryan has no one to blame but himself.
I think it was the dab that created all the mojo in 2015
Obamacare is a public service and it is literally required to use.
I had Raichu so the Psychic TM was beyond useless
42
grove park is crappy....there are other subdivisions in the area that are much nicer...mostly as you get closer to the miami/glenwood intersection
Get out of here with your gay sex euphemisms, r/drama is a wholesome subreddit.
When presented with facts that clearly prove you wrong, always double down and resort to sarcasm.
Not unless you have energy sitting around before you attack.
Just goes to show that god works in mysterious ways
im surprised they werent already
I know that, but I'm not risking the person getting hurt by this and me having to deal with it
Dude stole my idea
I wanna see some videos of these cucks shaking with rage.
Burrs
US protectionism + UK possibly leaving the EU single market + slowdown in Chinese economy = things are looking great for the global economy.
Who elected you the spokesperson?
What do you mean, Hillary has a 99% chance of winning drumpfkin
Not terribly secret so far...
Poor Memphis!
Removed no PC sales, console only please
/l/ichbin15unddiesisttief
then one of your teammates was probably banned for toxicity at some point
Next someone is going to say that water is wet, or that fire is hot, omg
Well it WAS her turn
I assume several things about you, that's just one of them.
Every jinx video ever
Guys, minorities are *so* afraid of Trump's intolerance right now!
Thatsthejoke.jpg
My favorite part is the dancing Voldemorts.
Old dogs are the best dogs.
That was my first thought.
I think your feed is behind a lot...
A call center I worked in did something similar and bought everyone fleece jackets with the company logo.
Por suerte esta gente no se reproduce
To be fair these movies are targeted towards an audience who think their monitors are the computer.
Muffled.
Aaaaaand it's gone.
Right, but they are saying the serial says that the phone is out of warranty but when you run the IMEI it says it's still in warranty.
We can't beat the Cavs, but both the losses to GSW, and LAC were on second nights of B2B with travel
Haven't heard this every preseason since the beginning of time.
I'm sure the high taxes on businesses and the large government handing out free shit at public expense have nothing to do with the high unemployment and lack of economic growth.
looks like something straight out of a cartoon
But Dom said he felt pretty weak
I hope not, I don't want the defense to go on cruise control, I want them to turn it up and destroy people.
35 invasions in and no lucky coins here, share the wealth maaaaaaan
That sounds like something a spoofer would say.
I knew Alex Jones was an Establishment Agent, proof right here people.
Am I the only one who didn't hate Neelix?
great to see they are moving forward with that... but that paste PK to pay widget is far more dangerous and useless than it is useful.
The angmohs are stealing all our women!
When the video and audio are out of sync, I just can not stand it.
Reread his post there is no plan a. Sorry no casual sex for you :(
I was hesitant to watch it because it's so long, but I'm 70 episodes in and not planning to stop.
I didn't wear a seatbelt for 5 months while driving my car, and look, i'm doing just fine!
Actually about 63 million voters don't know this, and a frightening amount of non-voters I suspect as well.
Pedestrians ought to watch where they're going!
Yet this has 90% downvotes
upvoted
I'm sure Cousins would take to Thibs screaming at him all game very well...
Adrenaline is powerful.
I thought reddit loved her?
I voted for Wing Shards
southern France, it says in the title
Well, was Facebook popular more than 15 years ago?
FAKE!
I had just gotten over a hundred matches... all gone in an instant.
Can we please do something like r/thebutton with this hole and keep it going for as long as possible?
Pai daca nu cu ce dracu ne ajuta cresterea investitiilor?
Id rock that
Trump will bring all the truck driving jobs back to America using tariffs or something
well finally.. now give me back my 300-400 points I lost due to MLGflickshooters
:(
No way, it's going to grow 20% a day forever, it's never going to crash!
How does it feel to be a walking abortion?
I see you shiver with anticip-
White fragility, go figure!
pizza pizza
Where are you In canada?
I'm actually going off on them right now I told em i'm not giving money to the winner unless i get my julio
come on back brother...
still shoulda taken Hanafin
Nice
You should check out the ps store to see if the demo disc is downloadable in your region yet.
This is awesome.
Crayon means pencil in French
Oddly scary
Killary "literally shot Americans execution style in benghazi" Clinton is still the worst of all time.
I was coming in Second behind somebody like this and then when the 4th Event started my game froze :')
Jumper
Is the caterer serving Real Food, goddamnit?
Only for Americans.
But then the title wouldn't be as grabby
If my parents named me Patrick instead, my nickname could have been Potato.
Home team won so its good
how does it feel to live a life as a machine who Tea Bags?
This is fine
That's what snow troopers are for, duh.
Oh sorry we have the best special teams in the league I guess special teams aren't real and don't change the outcome of games.
Who do you play for now in MA?
Better late than never
Sounds pretty awesome to me.
You just know that this is due to some stupid NFL rule.
Memes are the new agitprop
It'd be so much more useful for employees stacking the shelves.
You must be a Trump supporter.
Cluster munitions, the only metric of nicety in warfare.
All you had to do is put
But it's cold outside so global warming isn't real and climate change is a hoax made up by the Chinese.
Exactly, it seems so interconnected
Get your fucking logic out of here, we don't need this shit
Right, I'm sure you're far superior and smarter than nearly 50% of the entire voters!
Yeah the show has gone downhill in quality ever since the last season ended.
It will be fine, look, I'll drive you there and back so you won't have to do *anything*, you can take it easy .. Except all the things between the car trips, thanks for trying though mum.
... aren't they separate command interpreters?
maybe I should've added
Goddamn it take my upvote you bastard.
It seems to me that *maybe* pretty much always means no.
Cuz I'm a liquid fan, read some of my controversial comments.
He's not 80, lol
Hillary: LSD Trump: Arsenic
Rain barrels aren't supposed to have open tops.
Omega 11 ;p
it's called tough love...smh softass millennial won't know
Trying to come to a compromise instead of trying to destroy each other's businesses will always be the better option.
Podgornys?
Still hilarious to see everyone react to it though.
Well, it probably doesn't alter your aura or your vibrations, so it obviously can't be a "real" cure.
i want to take up fishing when i move back to Oahu, can i come too?
Rich get richer smh :\
No, it was terrible, that's why we upvoted it.
He doesn't want to get hacked
That's called a bomber.
All this diversity of thought...
her arms are wet - so a definate turn on...
What game is this?
Yeah, after getting banned from a few stores, I had to stop following people.
Get bond, Shauny!
And 17
We'd have an inflation the likes of which we have never seen in our lifetimes.
But isn't *everyone* international?
Yeah, why buy a Huracan when a Chevy Trax do the exact same thing and nobody will think it's not an Audi.
If I recall correctly, the CAT 797F, a comparable ultra class mining truck, has a 106L 20 cylinder in line engine.
This guy gets it, kilts all the way!
I'm a firefighter in white center and the bums up there are mean lol.
shenanigans
I'm not even ashamed to say I probably would have said yes......
inb4 we lose points to all but Zoryha and Everton
Not a large Snus selection here, unfortunately.
Well, the simulation is identical, the values are just tuned to be more fun.
I currently make $23 an hour in TN...
What's really crazy is that I watched an entire 10 minute youtube video.
Yeah just like all the other "pro's"
Amen.
A foreigner taking another american job...
I probably should have put this:
Came here hoping someone saw the same thing, kitty wedgie service.
Took less time than Dion
cynical people who try to destroy the legitimate magic that i as a non religious person feel while enjoying the christmas season with my friends and family in an attempt to appear more worldly and intellectual i dont care if we co opted the date from a pagan holiday and jesus would have actually been born in july let me have a good time with my people
no lets bench him!
u/GiveMe20GoodMen confirmed to be Bill Belichick.
Yeah, Fnatic, the most valuable western e-sports organisation that recently bought an entire hardware manufacturer, don't have money to buy Rush.
Just all _unmarried_ or non-_homo_ orgasms, though.
or if you can flip the clip to the other side for left hand carry that way when it's in your back pocket the blade is against the pocket seam, there are easy ways to prevent this from happening
Omg free range organic dogs are the most delicious.
I've been successfully triggered
But it's not simple, because who I choose might affect their performance!
Did you tell me not to call you bro?
give karth true damage on his q
This is an extremely terrible line of questioning by this interviewer.
What kind of storm trooper skin is that?
Squad setup?
B-but first innovation in 200 years!
We get it, you vape
Per haps fuck off might be too kind
What is that stuff?
BUT NO FEATURES MANE
It would have had to have been said in an email for anyone to care.
Top tier comment pointing out the obvious shitpost, 9/10
Hows the weather in Moscow?
Homophobia nice
*$212 dollars later*
It's being discontinued
wtf is video-ing?
Those rights only matter when we are talking about number 2.
Because Nintendo.
Don't worry OP, no one is interested in the specs of your build or anything...
Well there's 3000+ r/music subscribers who seem to care, what a bunch of losers.
Maybe the new Haddonfield variant could be the hospital....
You forgot your
Your cheery disposition has nothing to do with it
He said that she's beautiful , at least he deserves a blow job slut !
No no, this time wasn't true socialism, guiz THIS time its TOTALLY going to work!
But that's a soccer ball
Oh great another white nationalist who is related to Putin.
Holy moly
You Boros think you're in charge, but we Orzhov know better
Sounds like a win win to me I'll need to get your PayPal
Message the Mod.
Another PS exclusive, go figure
It's that one guy and his friends who always correct people when they say zombie ("Actually.... they are **infected**").
i can't even tell this is final fantasy lmao
Another Fluffle Puff is made.
Is this photoshop or a mod ?
Can't answer all but I think that's a mobile phone in hand.
how does one acquire a criterion disk and booklet without the case?
I love how any article about LAFC and the LAG is becoming a proxy war for NYCFC and the Red Bulls
At least 1m or it's crap!
Time to switch to hotmail!
I can't wait for all the helpful comments on why this isn't impressive.
It's also the moon's most expensive car!
Cultural appropriation!
Then you should probably say 3 words that aren't "want some LSD?"
Follow your passion and nationalism.
Yeah, that's way worse than anything Trump has said or done
Shhhh, let people enjoy things.
Gandalf
Never!
all in
It's obviously being developed for the switch now
Minimalist, i love it.
that's funny
Neville
there ought to be safe surrender sites for uneaten burritos, you know, for the homeless and hungry unemployed folks.
Wait you can give out a report for each Meepo clone you have?
You mean to say that Ashton market isn't national heritage?
We're good.
And you just know he will be elected again because we Indians don't think in terms of common welfare but religious sentiments, most people are still so willingly blind to Modi's shortcomings it's a bit surprising.
It's your fault this all happened y'know!
But shouldn't they be arresting people for taking marijuanas?
I'M BAAAAAAAACK!
Yea that SKT huni guy sucks!
Your right ... The stated intent of lowering corporate income tax drastically I'm sure had no effect on a business decision to move a plant due to taxes and tariffs
Interesting discovery!
OMG they must be foreigners!
Ya, they should all pack up their culture and lives and move to Ontario with everyone else!
Hah
I never even heard them and I've watched the series at least three times!
That dragon fruit, tfa ripe strawberry, and whatever cream you like is great
They can in the same way truffles can; you inoculate a sapling and wait 10 years
Oh you fucking rebel.
It's the Hattori Hanzo steel of super-suits.
He had a chance to respond to the 2005 leak, and he told reporters he didn't want to talk about it.
wow thanks you're a lot of help, please continue your good work
But does Poe stand for the national anthem
oh no, Hamas would never do *that*
Eh, with puppeted french navy and the kriegsmarine I completely crushed the RN
I love Cali but the earthquakes scare the hell out of me.
Its like mythbusters said it was so , so it is so.
Wish he thought like that 8 years ago...
Good thing you remember it better than Mike himself!
OH EM GEE IT WAS JUST A JOKE REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Snektie
That looks just perfect for a fish tank!
Quick ball, might as well release it
And when one gets outta line: "Pecking order."
It is going to be one hell of a game.
Source?
Cucks tbh famalam
I left off the
metro is a lowkey up and comer fam, not many people know about him yet
Yeah because the war on drugs is going just great.
Clintons = murderous grifters
well they can measure your body fat and after see your 5% score with a 40BMI they will just praise you like a god
Made for all those grandparents looking for that "mine game" costume for their grandkids...
That guy from mortal kombat x?
spoken
But our white women might start sleeping with the negro jazz singers!
Just JO all day and bag em for CP my dude
Fat people drink diet sodas and we still have fat people...
Because they're not exactly like the book
Good thing we can trust our respective leaders, at the very least, to tell their own people the truth
cause svenskeren got banned and alliance got kabumed, and because tsm took a game off of samsung white
Dude, she sounds like a keeper.
That's what you get for not buying a new car for the sake of our courageous phone, grandpa.
Will someone please explain to me what a juggalo is?
They do exist.
Oh well now that you put it *that* way...
y'all hating now but you won't when sketchers beat out adidas in sales
This is the perfect time to start smoking right?
Like not even a single letter.
But they didn't mean 'twat' they said twits with an a. Twitsa.
Hire Hideo Sogo
Upvoted for visibility
the ISIL capital
Maybe Fulci's The Beyond?
Maybe a ploy to get you to upgrade to ps4 pro?
Only in Cambogia?
Shhh, quit being reasonable and pile on with the rest of the ignoramuses!
I've asked most of the people I usually play Trials with, the only drops they've gotten are old year 2 weapons and armor, sometimes Pariah (Lighthouse Y2) armor, sometimes not
No no, it clearly needs to be politicized
That's just the sound of a safe neighborhood
Yeah, I'd love to pay a $60 shipping fee to Colombia, only to use them for one month.
Your dad probably doesnt run a multi-million dollar company(ies) stress could probably be a big factor.
Well it says bumper to bumper...
Fair point, I guess what I'm really getting at is that no matter what we do we can never play a linear predictable game.
wut
Premier League...1934...FA Cup.
You dropped your
I love their new explosion feature.
But how could he average at all if he was never out
Yiff yiff Motherfucker!
Autism = retarded, duh
Totally getting 90% of the African-American vote.
18 years old, wow im old
yup haha
Nah, Putin has great huge grapefruit balls, not like Obama's shriveled rasin-testes.
Teething is coming.
Thats cool how the deer totally kicked that bears ass
Yo, is this person fucking retarded?
It's just like pulling a tack out of your foot, pull fast and you hardly feel it
It doesn't matter because the refs clearly stole the game from the Longhorns by giving us the ball when we were a rookie mistake away from being up my 2 TD with a min left...
Did we just assume their gender
Is that the Xbox One Scorpio?
Represent!
Dirk was so close.
-Hiko +Peacemaker Hiko becomes streamer to bring in $$$$$$$$$ Peacemaker becomes new lurk
Well a Reddit hamster is probably less than 1%.
If we build more tracks, and don't use them as part of the "Lesser of 2 evils" problem by putting more people in danger, we might as well just sell out to the commies.
I bet you think upstart is good too
Kill Sariah, marry the queen.
Yes, because climate change has *nothing* to do with policy.
The tram
That's what the supporters of stop and frisk want.
I just love working with computers, so i just chose what i enjoy, so the choice was easy
Tbh, I do blame all the Asian drivers.
this is why i always queue and tell my 4 friends to go afk, so that i can have 5 times the farm i would normally and then i just win 1v5
But if it's not sexist, I don't have anything to be offended by, or complain about!
Looks like banning Ferschweiler to the press box is already working
Actually, this could work for both meanings, since all women are horrible sluts!
Yeah, theres less than a half dozen or so still alive out of the 43...
Best wishes with that.
I don't care what the facts are, you can't deny that people are feeling as though they are getting mocked by Niantec
Corgos drink almond milk?
Let's not forget Jersey
Havent you heard you cant rape a man
They're just so unique and creative.
Well, this is in no way, shape, or form a slap in the face to the victim and her family.
And a side panel.
I'm sure you let the government keep it so they could smartly use it to help promote the economy.
to be fair, if oil and gas collapses it would be easy to hit our Paris targets
What does this do?
~~Good,~~ I'm sure the government cares more about penis pill ads than my spam account does.
What they really need to do is remake some of the Monty Python movies
C'mon women you know the government know better about your body than you do.
I walk past here to work every day, just outside the arndale near manchester Plaice chip shop next to the print works :) Manchester !
Hey buddy, no need to remind people of that, there's a "system for that".
everyone knows the leader of north Korea is Obama !
You can try to spin it into a threesome, but don't LTR this girl.
But remember....apparently its the Star Citizen fans who are showing signs of being in a cult
No way, apple is unhackable.
You forgot the
the "you can't even connect an external database" part.
You can clearly already see the enormous psychological advantage Verstappen has gained over Ricciardo this race, the usually very cool Ricciardo already starts throwing with stuff
Ok looks like I'm short, thanks article.
They did say something about it, lol and we obviously needed another thread about it, since absolutely nobody mentioned it
The only reason racism still exists is because you people keep talking about it
For a long time it was a ritual of my friends and I to watch it anytime we got bored so we have seen it ~40 times.
She* *TRIGGERED*
remember, she's a woman so her husband is really in charge
Unimog axles are plentiful and cheap.
At first I read this as he tied a string around the trigger, as if he was laying guns in the drywall as boobytraps...
and all of them yelling 'stop resisting,' because resisting arrest before you are even accused if a crime is a punishable offense.....
Males deserve every second of jail time and more.
Matthews on pace for 164 goals!
I, on the other hand, have no problem with them.
Dang
Yes, let's all embrace being flaming queens!
It's just the liberal media/court system/moderators/reality bias trying to undermine a heroic American.
Trump grabbing pussies is more important that war
That sucks
I don't really mind the very small amount of these kind of cheaters.
Overload
But... But they're women... They're supposed to be given lighter sentences because vaginas
I wonder why it didn't work out...
Tyron such a scrub, missed games this year and clearly just looks out of sync.
Switch to Wii U.
I hope they remember to paint the bombs they're using pink aswell
Natty guards been everywhere active has
Just like last season, maybe another store will just randomly fly away and it will just sorta, end... such an amazing ending...
Oh looks it's powered by the nintendo switch!
James Ellsworth
you are not common man if you are worried about it...
Porzingis.
Saudi Arabia is ISIS!
Yeah isnt that some sort of Freudian effect?
Exhaustion.
Sure there is, it's on #400.
This is the only logical answer.
Lol what
And Trump has the head of Citizen's United as his campaign chief, so you can be sure he'll get right to that on day one.
No, you just have to be responsible and ambitious enough to have a great paying job.
You say "Rocket league 2" but couldnt it be "Battle Cars 3"?
She wants to be a part of the comm team.
Yeah, but who has the time for that?
How is it already dark even though he uploaded this before night time?
I started playing briefly before the gunslinger was a thing, Trove has evolved so much since then!
Because all these women are crazy.
Yah but everyone in the university in the future gets to use that facility so... I think its a fair fine if we are being totally utilitarian about it....
Well...if you put it that way...
I'm not crying, you're crying.. Fuck it, yeah I'm crying.
I don't want to be an ass, but that's not much of a loss...
Please burn the rest of whatever you're smoking and don't spread it around.
Went in search of a nice picture of a bear footprint in the snow, returned with a 141% guilt trip.
Engineering college?
though if you look at their forum you can see that they wanted help in finding cheaters/hackers, and have given out rewards too players who give confirming evidence.
Or the Jailor could torture the jailed by spamming Never Gonna Give You Up and Lenny faces.
To be fair, I've done that so many times and still gotten shot down with a cheeky smile on their stupid "I'm the manager" face.
I prefer "The Man that Wellness Policy Forgot"
Stay warm puppers
heroic is pretty faceroll too, mythic is decently challenging at lower gear level.
They should've focused on 1080p/60FPS instead of 4k/30FPS upscaled.
Can't read articles, too busy Making America Great Again
Operation Forest Fire is more like it
I put 10 Votes in there, i will let you decide which one i voted for ;)
Whenever I get a nice customer I'm in so much disbelief I nearly cry lolol got one really nice lady yesterday and I was like well there goes a unicorn XD
So you cannot actually answer the question and instead want to rely on churlish games?
When you say 4200$, I think SLI Titan XP's
Freeze peach = free speech She's mocking basic human rights.
What was it, like $400?
It's starring Tom Cruise... But all hope is lost though, we have Russell Crowe cast!
Yeah, they're much better at doing their job.
Name fits, this is an absurd claim.
It's called innovation!
I figured it just meant "Too long?Dont read"
I wouldn't expect the type of person who carries $2,300 in cash around with them to be very considerate.
If this wasn't the first response I was going to search for it to upvote it or if not found at all, post it.
Good to know, thanks!
I wouldn't mind having something like that, but I feel like it would lack even more luster against single target :/
but it wasnt 20$ for 2 skins, it was 20 items, 1$ each, just like elite packs.
Flight of Icarus by Iron Maiden.
People mostly just say she is Zakiyah 2.0 because she is also a preschool teacher.
Incels are quite pathetic too, tbh.
They hate 'cause they aint us!
4 is still lit
I almost forgot
Civ 6 policy cards.
VHS player
Yes, I'm aware of that I just want to get my achievements.
Am sad
HL3 will be released on virtual reality.
yet...
Please complain to FoxNews!
OR New Labour is just a continuation of Thatcherism?
Teens in a tech-filled future shoot weird shut with cool guns.
Every fucking thread
15 loses, 19 points.
Best way to say it.
Dude... You need to stand up for yourself... She shouldn't kick you out of a family event... That makes no sense at all, you can't be in a relationship where you are not equal
I prefer the Emacs Mac Port build, handles the Mac UI better, and I have no issues with it, other than perhaps only having one UI context for emacsclient.
sniff I miss these X-Men
Assuming that it is intentional...
yes, start playing the lottery.
Makes sense, UN came out of World War 2.
Pics or it didn't happen
TSA.. yuck!
THIS IS SURPRISINGLY INSPIRATIONAL.
I really want to tweet at him that someone who assaulted his wife shouldn't be threatening violence on the public.
I kinda felt like that was the case for some reason.
But immigrants can relate to her.
Dang, this reminds me, my library books are overdone.
Well, he did make money off being a car thief and an arsonist.
In Pod We Trust
I don't follow
Just what I wanted, crit mastery
Aeron Greyjoy, Strong Belwas, Donal Noye.
Racist much?
West side is completely viable.
compound fracture in his right arm and left leg along with multiple bruises, but not in critical condition.
I can be yuor devil... or your angle
The Torana 05 Peter Brock design springs to mind.
Yeah, pretty much none of those money will go to the people who need it.
Nope you're just a Marvel fanboy.
uhh what?
We got a really solid ARPG for $60.... what the fuck are you trolls on about.
Netherlands - let me smoke some weed before i give my answer..
Stop breaking the law, assholes!
Man imagine if twitter existed when The Undertaker was still performing.
I'm not sure what your question's asking, but from what I've seen it uses the 3DS's camera to scan QR codes.
#YOU SHALL NOT PASS ^^^^to ^^NLCS
What's the freesync range?
Oh god are you that one psycho spammer guy demanding a refund Not again...
Giggly
Its about the land bro.
Yep, no new mats they said.
but.. richtofen-senpai.. ;-;
Will recommend do watch
I have NO IDEA what kind of car she drives... I wonder if she ever posts it on Instagram?
Everything Maryland belongs here, obviously.
yeah, that's why he has a rocket
That AUD doesnt sound bad at all...i'd check that out first
Those water stones aren't cheap.
Every time I see Baby next to the other CBPW animatronics I struggle to believe they're all shorter than her.
I can't wait to use my Tesla Autopilot on those nice Indian roads!
Westworld has titties and guns, just as good imo
CNN is the Hillary Campaign's 7th largest contributor.
Dude, you totally forgot about Deng.
r/procoversongs
lol the Reddit app
Nothing more inspiring than slamming a guy down on the back of his neck risking a huge injury.
Just get william for the business side!
I do ever so wonder how he could have prevented that last part.
Yea, but it works in chrome and IE.
Jesus they might as well have just gone with it and made the changes into the next game.
Payment in pulsa ( a lot of african countries and India has this 'mobile cash' thing)
We draw the line there LOL
He is at least better than he gets credit for.
Kinda doubt Amazon will let you upload 20TB of pirated content to their "unlimited" storage.
Yep, dogs do that; don't forget to scoop
This is the ride!
Skrt skrt
Is that what we're calling prisons now?
you, sir, have balls of steel, congrats on the run
I'm sorry, but if you don't have time for your kids and your job, maybe you should get rid of one or the other?
Don't we have the best women, folks?
REEEEEEEE NORMIES REEEEEE
OP nose how to title a post
yeah I guess they don't really even make an attempt to sound ethical/unbiased anymore so I shouldn't be surprised
Wait, so the Russians didn't do it after all?
im prett sure the word your looked for is confetti
Cant let facts get in the way of feelings
Yes, dumping all the oil onto the market at once totally won't depress the price of oil
It's not like usernames are a huge feature
I like this bot.
We made history.
When you use allcaps, people take you more seriously and are more likely to watch your video.
Seriously, people tend to lose all of their fear in fight when it's fight or don't eat.
I wonder if this tech would open up any two stroke possibilities that are cleaner/more efficient.
Did not vote.
And the rest of the numbers too... \#AllNumbersMatter
SHAME SHAME SHAME
But don't you have to actually have a recruiting class to get charged with recruiting violations?
Quality post
me
bull fucking shit..
He meant Artemis and going through Op's profile it doesn't seem like a shitpost
...
What's up with your Sharon lol?
As it turns out Class is a Doctor Who spin-off that i totally need that cause all those kids in Dr who were so endearing.
I asked you for your personal experiences that you claim you have had.
Yeah, how silly of them, to think a *girl* could understand an additional paragraph of lore
Does SNL actually put out anything funny anymore anyways?
He is a fascist and yes, you look pathetic.
Reposting with "Joke Vid" now in the title probably won't change people's interpretation of your video...but you never know...
Hopefully Gronk will play if he's ready
I'm just talking about consent legally here, not about how I feel about it.
Yes rain would leave faze with what he's making for boosting them
Hey, we have the same birthday!
Man it looks like Jessie had an unfortunate plastic surgery...
OP didn't read it all
Let me guess: you're racist.
Man, I need to watch that film again.
I'd pick you in a good number of those matchups.
Though people eat it up when Ziggler gives some impassioned speech about being the Show Off and stealing the show even if he's on the pre show card.
Good luck!
My stomach can't take this.
dedicated guys working tirelessly to craft... "mech packs" You quit too soon!
Hot peppers for all!
Don't you dare drag StarCraft into this shit show.
[EUROBEAT INTENSIFIES]
You still don't get it, do you?
Eyy, is that a bag of drugs and a gun you've got there?...
And the normalizing of absurdity continues...
Double Donger Death
Glad to tune in for that giants TD and see that we are not calling holding penalties
on top of all, we can play around with the proportion of MPs elected from constituencies and lists to achieve a good balance between majoritarian rule and PR so everyone to please most people
ffs
because she thinks she's ghetto
Insert
ahhhhhh they mentioned the discord!
Well, then one of us is having sex completely incorrectly.
K
Underwhelmed, prefer gemtd
can confirm: custom Fan Curve: not even hitting 60C stock Fan Curve: around 75C and the Fans are silent with Headphones one up to 70% Fan Speed.
They should've had it ready for CES
DAE Tranzit is actually a good map hahah XD
The contradiction is real..
They lost 5 less games.
kek
His username is u/ExtraLargeCheezPizza which could indicate that he is not a well fit, slim person.
I'm studying aerospace engineering and I liked Star Wars, I don't have a 150 iq tho...
Leia Organa
Fairly typical from ESL, it's a shame they are the industry leader.
I've never heard that before, can you elaborate?
Michelle Obama started the bang trend
I like the idea of simple doors which lead to new worlds (as a mundane yet fantastical thing), with maybe a special key which makes ordinary doors magical portals.
youre the awsner gu-- wait no its someone else
John Franklin back to EMCC confirmed
Bad Pescado.
I don't think he is, I think he's 2nd tallest iirc.
You wear techwear?
If we are going with matching colors of our souls, can I have mine please in pink with glitter?
you must freeze yourself.
As if we could afford anything to do with education in the first place...
I am fully convinced that an EMT knows how to put chains on a vehicle.
There is probably 21 players in the NBA who are better than this guy.
It means you're "forced" to clear the jungle every two minutes since gold is a more valuable resource since less jungle creeps.
They judge based on facts and logic and you do based on political correctness and media induced liberalism.
Google map their address, and check the website .. definately legit company
Given the shift from neutral to pro socialist heavily supporting Bernie to a pro Hillary sub in a matter of months I honestly doubt it.
In other news, a Trump spokeswoman says that surprising the Dear Leader with an offer of breakfast fellatio is patriotic.
I think they would have noticed that hibana bug in testing, it happens every time you use the gadget on console.
The only thing their protest is a lesson of is false equivalence.
we will see you next time on "Things 13 Years Olds Say"
I get most of my news from reddit and the Economist, this provides a very balanced view of the world.
Don't debates usually have 3 or 4 moderators?
wait.. when were they winning?
you dropped this
SPOILERS!
Probably all praying to God to please let this be the day this bitch finally dies.
Bendis likes leaving plot threads dangling, doesn't he?
Terry Crews write-in vote 2016?
Google it!
Waka waka
Having a top 5 defense must of helped.
Oh, I'd believe they were stupid enough to add it to the dictionary, then it got autocorrected to it because of their prior stupidity!
The problem is that a lot of people don't want brown people immigrating regardless of how developed their country is.
If anything it was frequently compared negatively to GoT
Furthering the case for Goodell to be ousted!
Epic lizard only for Master.
That doesn't mean he can't want a viable minion based Priest deck.
Dite quello che volete ma queste cose quando c'era Fassino non succedevano.
True
I have this issue where fun and double xp are removed because of lag comp, can anyone help?
No, the Mimbari did.
If passed I'm sure this law would have no negative consequences
Oh its an idiot normie, you cant find them at all these days
Your point?
But what about the terrosists
Tbh I think most of the haters have been popping up ever since he got the title shot over Dillashaw.
Add a tiny handle between the two "I's"
winning is such an irrelevant stat, though.
Were you born yesterday?
Tasty treats!
How am I supposed to correct you if I don't refute your claims?
Because no one ever dropped out of school and lived a productive life...
Ah yes, you worked at KFC 18 years ago so you know damn well the plight of the Detroit workers
You forgot the
Morris Almond
While it was stupid for an executive to post, it's pretty true.
You saying combatting orders to report for duty doesn't count as real service?
Except right now Kripp is back :o
Progress is women being able to kill in the name of empire
Is there going to be dancing at the end of the game?
Would someone direct me to a better source than the SRD where I can find out more about wayangs, in particular more about the Dissolution?
heh heh heh
Yeah spending 6 months in a room alone on an entire floor not being able to talk to your team while you develop one of the biggest games of all time really isn't that bad.
You droppped your
I can't think of a less valid use of my time.
Parking is soooooo 20th-century.
uhhh.. get the lump removed through surgery,,,
Even if it's not a literal one at this point I've just visually put a pole behind the middle stool at Moe's before the pool table.
Wait, why do we hate him again?
Oh but Hillary didn't *inspire* me
Wow, that benchmarking tool is very impressive!
Just cuz ur butt hurt that u got killed doesn't mean I'm hacking, grow up
Obviously you facilitated their upbringing to create sleeper moles to infiltrate the Hispanic society and document the people that need to be deported.
Gender isn't binary xislord!
Which means more taunts for me, right?
Or maybe they wanted that bolt's threads to always be super fresh and clean.
Link?
Getting consistent hits is much harder in cleveland
He's lucky that license plates are difficult to steal
Yes
Buh-buh-buh Vancouver.... Actually I'd see them doing ABGT live in Seattle more than Vancouver unfortunately :(
less sponsors, more?
So out of curiousity what is the program that is used for this meme anyway?
Yup, more open land to burn tires and shit
Considering the Panther has a slower reverse speed and the M26 the title is technicaly wrong
If you're not wearing anything else over it that requires unfastening, I'd say you can take a robe off as your object interaction for the turn.
Great and justified solution which would reduce bias nationwide
For those interested in defenses against the Jets ROS: Week 14: @ SF Week 15: vs MIA Week 16: @ NE Week 17: vs BUF I'm holding onto the Buffalo and Miami defense just for these two games because the Jets are THAT bad.
I mean the Bible is in Polish so he must have been Polish
Thanks LeBron
amen brother
so lazy
It was a sarcastic answer at the thought of Bud/Busch being the new title sponsor.
You could calibrate their laptop monitor.
DID DIS DUDE JUS DID DIS
How about "smoking" a brisket in 30 minutes?
fucking marvel fanboy
Just make sure not to set anything in front of the tank near your handlebars.. *One time* I thought I'm just gonna sit here and fill up like a boss - of course thats the time the entire nozzle was filled with gas from the previous user, and I soaked my nice leather wallet in gasoline..
Where's the 6700k, and the Titan XP?
Yay for sexism.
I found out this sub existed because of the this episode!
We gotta get Marines from somewhere.
I think the moral of the story is not to buy from shady ass grey market sites that actively enable credit card thieves and charge extra to cover the very likely scenario that what you're buying is fake or stolen.
Ofcourse, and you know what the facts are.
because a minute and a half of mouth pleasure trumps everything else in the known universe.
Yes
No 6 pack?
Well, he *had* to choose pacifists, otherwise they'd have fought back and he just finished explaining how dangerous those types are, weren't you listening?
I mean they actually would have had to go to the moon for that to be an issue....
Man, I really hate it when free, unsolicited gifts just aren't good enough.
How's it feel to be on the wrong side of history, gramps?
They're not for everyone, but I hope you end up liking them if you do end up looking them up!
Having fun dancing and being with friends is so fake
Isn't this a glacier and not an iceberg?
Broken AF... Seriously Hi-Rez why would you give people WARDS for free when the rest of us have to buy them?
Damn, I knew it was something with a backslash.
you mean the popular propaganda tactic
If you think that every living thing on Earth will die due to global warming, you are seriously uneducated.
This guy does not have anxiety
I'm sure Nancy told you about the time I cured *four* of her migraines in one night?
Except the guy in the song doesn't get stabbed.
They must be shooting shit then
Thanks Duterte, due process is such a drag
Nice joke
He brought frost with him too
Well obviously OPs bf needs to keep her in line
I'm sure if all those agencies magically disappeared overnight, child labor would become magically okay again.
The only one I've seen is in Bridgend
Whew, well if *he* declares it then it's finally true.
He did tweet to Jagex about the issue ahead of time and they didn't patch it/hot fix it at all.
Sarcasm
Just ward his jungle
with this interception, good field position and short yardage on 2nd down, sure it feels like a good time for Ben to *take a shotTM*
Never said they didn't, just that it's definitely less viable than on PC since controllers lack the accuracy of mouse and keyboard.
I hadn't thought about any of this at any point ever at all.
They are there to pad their resumes, to claim they lead student movements and had authority over thousands of students.
Ahahah indiscutibilmente "the perfect spaghetti" XD ...fantastico video, grazie OP!
Why do you guys assume that he's a Republican?
You mean America can't just be simply boiled down to 2 White Males, a White female, an Asian female, and a Black guy, with one of them wheelchair-bound for no apparent reason?
Sure, if you ever need a pessimistic view or someone telling you why something won't work or isn't a good idea... come on this way!
Does anyone have the issue of when you turn game mode on, it just turns the monitor on &amp; off.
unfortunately the season was cancelled by a lockout so there wasn't a final
Physics is just a theory
I lol'd - did you come up with that all by yourself?
Why would anyone pay for this when they can get RCT4 for free?
TIL games have a certain expiration date before they are allowed to have DLC.
same wtf fix this shit
Made a mistake, fixed it, thanks for heads up.
But vetting immigrants from that part of the world is totally unnecessary.
If Kyrie had said 6 games this sub would have exploded.
So rational!
All waterweight bro, dont worry.
If the giants would stop cheating we wouldn't hear about it every week
Otherwise, you are a manlet.
When my solo healing what?
All journalists are con-artists, except for the guy I watch on TV
You damn right.
Clearly fake since that riven is always on the opposite team
Tell her that when you get a job and she asks you for any money
Fuckin weeb
New as in FM17?
It's a yasuo, so that means it's all of us.
Nice try undercover police.
looks like a potato masher
Scanning titles down the page, come to this one and think to myself, I'd like to see that, so I clicked...Dear God I need to get a life.
Your opinion is wrong
I have a 5 page essay on, among others, constitutional law.. But dont tell me what to do
Yes, I should have added
I thought Capitalism was all about Capitalizing the Peasants.
you missed this
They need the bads to collect rain water
But the hurt feels so good
Dragonball Z.
Where the BoP is never wrong!
Unless you already have 27 in the last 9 months and the non-business cards you do not have do not come with bonuses that you value as highly as the big chase cards...and you have an SO who can snag the random big deals that pop up in the mean time ;)
How original.
Or maybe they could put Kimi between Vettel and Max, and tip Vettel's and Max's chairs towards Kimi.
Who hurt you?
I used a digital scale I have and it weighed in at 3.2 grams, is that too bad?
Xbox triggers are miles better than PS triggers.
But if they do it 4 hours a day for a few weeks, they will get FREE MONEY.
That, right there, will go down as the moment when Tim Kaine won not only my enduring affection but my enduring and unshakable trust.
Male here, my wet dreams do last one week and are very painful, this checks out
Leave please
Yeah, and we should get weapons from Team Fortress 2, and a Mario mob11!1111
Trade you it for Goth Zarya?
The latency is half the fun of using a web technology based editor
iirc rape is defined as "penis somewhere not good".
Be Yourself
Yeah, that's exactly what I said in my parentheticals.
I'm not a doctor, but I can definitely say with confidence that you're certainly unfit to be president.
Good thing it could never happen here.
Let's get down to Business!
That's how you run a regime!
Finland doesn't exist so this is just more lies
Pretty sure 99% of the dudes thought it was bullshit.
If you have lawyers, guns, and money, what good is health, education, and welfare?
Well, it's called Citizens United, right?
Men clearly are better dollar for dollar then women.
Damn, and I was going to move to Arizona to experience the bastion of freedom it's known for.
Ya, then worst case scenario is G2/FW/AHQ and I'm fine with any of those
Geez let him play first before you call him overrated.
...I feel like the moral of this manga is "Don't stick your dick in a Human"
I know right?
GOAT meaning?
cause riot is a small time company without unlimited funds
The_Donald said it so it appears you already have.
There's absolutely no chance someone is going to enter a Persian night club twice though
Not all heroes wear capes.
I bet you don't even know what coitus means.
I love how they set him up with a question, and when his answer goes against the narrative the liberal media has tried to create, their first response is, "BUT HEY GUYS, REMEMBER THE NARRATIVE!"
or the guy speaking asian this is ^^
I hope people remember that this is censorship the next time frank cho draws some outrage, rather than toss the word around meaninglessly.
*stacks
GIF actually, but typos happen.
Oh no I'm sorry I offended you for not going far enough back in the timeline to count when he wasn't considered a real actor.
silly fool, the more you say islam has something to do with terrorism, the more itll drive muslims towards terrorism, which has nothing to do with islam.
It even dodges sorcery speed removal.
This is not dreadful at all!
Rather appropriately, Shower by Becky G.
But isn't it out on HBO GO now because there is a debate on Sunday or something?
Maybe its a sign... hidden exotic?
But can a bush plane take off traveling upstream on a river?
GameMaker Studio: Free Edition
Great, more traffic..
James wasn't in the final 3 last year though
nice rack dude
Women and men are equals and should be treated thusly... unless you start saying mean things, then they cry.
I can't wait for the week 5 wager thread because I have all the confidence in the world that my brownies will win
Absolutely, I should have included the
Follow up question: why is there no evacuation plan?
Stop bullying him!
My face when Cookie Monster throws a better pitch than 50 Cent.
lol learn to
I hope google makes it so we have to use our real names for handles.
That body double was super well versed in the issues.
I should have added a
But, but.. Hillary's wars are Progressive wars so they don't count!
Sigh, its way too fucking believable
So if no one ever actually says it (though writing it's fine), we're safe, right?
Ai uitat
Lol the storage makes all the difference
Hopefully they stick to the source material!
Nobody knows why I always wear boots.
Maybe him being gay wasn't the only reason parents told their kids to stay away
Too late (dead)
Because the masses are ALWAYS right, and that's why democracy is such a wonderful system.
So many wasted opportunities ... I guess 1 point is better than none...
I HOPE SO
Sabotages Hamilton's engines
Yeah weird.
No, that's correct...its just how wacky this whole situation is!
Because it's all we have to offer, so if we're tainted we need to be super strong to get over it
It was on the $15 tier.
Are they already releasing the iPhone 7s ?
Ash greninja... too soon?
Because they definitely looked good enough last week to 2-0 CLG and ANX
34 Siege Rhinos, hands down.
Plot twist: Apple made that company say that and it actually causes more crashes for jailbroken users :p
well the hurricane's trajectory had been edging closer and closer to the coast as the week went on, to be completely fair...
Nah, while Reinhardt is brave he's also seen as very goofy.
He forgot the spacer!
no
Thunderstruck
Definitely wall hacking
A: We have to point out these problems B:we can start out by saying that all men are scary an virtue signalling A: but it is just the sandniggers B: Fuck, what now
Jamen hvad nu hvis min fortolkning af chokolade afviger fra din?
Oh I member!
Yes for nexus sell for item and the for no nexus will or no sell
has to be
YEAH KID, FUCK YOU
Thank you, that was great to know!
Unlike most running backs who are determined to give it away
20fps for menus literally unplayable
Damn PC culture ruining all our best shows
Hasn't he learned from the movies that shaped his reality that he has to save the world before he gets the girl?
I'm glad that IBM partnership is paying off
What you on about mate, the volly is legendary.
Now THAT is what I call outreach to millennials!
I dunno man it seems like it be a lot of stupid farming heroic dungeons all day when I'm already geared way past it
Pfft that's not how is done with the modern Republican... Don't you know the trick is for the candidate to say one thing whist the campaign says the opposite, that way both quotes can be liked by people!
Sweet.
It's lemonade
I mean, read the sign, it says Publix right on it.
Canadiens Goaltenders always carrying the team on their back..Montreal typical
Nope, I'll give you $1 each.
This makes me extraordinarily uncomfortable.
nah, the commercials said that the big corporations would not pass the cost on to consumers
They already did- no toaster mode.
wow what a noob
Thanks !
TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS.
I knew it was on the disc since day 1.
Petty vindictiveness is very presidential!
I hope Trump builds a wall to keep you out hehe :)
Thanks for the compliment, I guess.
I tried to no avail explaining to them for my CSR recon that I was well under 24 cards in the last 5 months, but they would have nothing to do with that!
Contact someone to do what Someone did to Sony.
What you don't keep food in your centre console for when you want a little snack later?
Chris Christie
Hey, was Todd Young a former Marine?
Oh, right, it makes perfect sense now
I like jalapenos
dont forget to rebalance fractals again when they reintroduce 150, so that 150 is at the same level as the current lvl 100
Just as everyone else said, a small pair of needle nose pliers and wire cutters.
Rule 1A: If you have to show gentitalia somehow, definitely make them look like swastikas!
practical progressive
Confirmed PK is a cancer in the dressing room
Bro you gotta take 2 scoops of MrHyde, mix it with 6grams of beta alanine &amp; chase it with the biggest monster zero you can find.
More like try Nunu - you won't have fun but nobody else will too
Weve never been ranked in the CFP poll btw.
She publicly undercuts him more than any campaign manager I've ever seen.
added 19.
I've been on the receiving end of this it only happens like one time out of a bunch of games even though it's annoying just treat it like another Jumpshot
It's a bit of a stretch man, also you're missing trump come on he's an elitist
Not even close their defense certainly lives up to their hype
I'm the opposite, in that I'm technically a Yankee but begrudgingly so, and am damn happy to be in the South rather than back in MA.
About 1&amp;1/2 or 2 months I'd say
Dudes been the star of movies since he was a teenager, bet he has lots of money to throw around.
Who is they?
***PTSD flashbacks to Natalya attempting to crawl***
That's not the official Tumblr...
But what if blowfly girl's blog is filled with heartwarming stories about her and her pet friends?
This is great for the mainstream, and its also great that they let people not connect to things when they dont want to
M E T A
Who knows what could have happened had the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact not been signed, and if the Allies had listened to those who said the Wehrmacht would later roll through the Ardennes.
*leans into mic* **THAT MAKES ME SMART**
It sounds like You had your moneys worth ;) nice story.
Fat
Ratatouille
xdevil snakeskin + road hog carbonated for your takumi anubis?
And sure, sometimes we violently attack Sikhs because they're brown and wear head-coverings like the stereotypical media depiction of Muslims, but that doesn't mean anything...
Mozgov
Very handy for both knowing to brake or accelerate into a stale green or knowing when the light will turn green.
Alola Jynx looks great
I have a face tattoo, what do you wanna know?
What about all the commotion over corporations choosing to hire foreign engineers via h1b visas over local ones?
Man fucks up traffic and makes people late for work instead of running over garbage
Terrifying.
Payer is underwhelming for France.
If I didn't drive to remote areas and put on lots of miles I'd own one, but the reality is if there is a break down outside of the city few mechanics would touch it.
Oh god, It's Always Sunny should never line up this well to a presidential race.
Okay that is *not* a human foot wtf.
They are all sold as prime
Would any potential cases of CJD from that time not have flared up with symptoms already... or can it lay dormant for decades?
I wonder what the big "aircraft hanger" building at the back is for?
Have fun waiting for the paid Apple exclusively window to run out
^ so much this
r/nocontext
here, you dropped this:
Also we didn't play last night
Glad you like it :^)
Adversity is an oppertunity for change.
Sorry to give you that idea.
I mean the smoke was blowing away and they seemed safe, what's the problem?
Oh man I remember all those cops in Pirates of the Caribbean.
Yea you've really got to have your heart in it for combat arms.
No I didn't.
Ohm on a fed Zac is fun to dive mid tower
And this surprises people, how?
Congratulations and may God have mercy on your soul.
Yes, because the economical challenges of buying a dell and moving across a continent is exactly the same.
Removed under rule 1.5 - we'd prefer it if people didn't just cite bible verses with no explanation, justification or interpretation.
That's a shame, the crazies of the LP won't change unless more reasonable people drown them out...
There's a reason nobody uses it in MMA.
You guys might appreciate this honesty, but from what I remember at the reveal people were shitting on the game for "looking like a last gen title"
Yellow up.. lol.
Just because we aren't dumb enough to fall for a 200 year old "Nyah Nyah Got Your Country" trick like Europe is...
Did you wake up with pink eye?
You sure it's not expired?
We used to get stalks of sugarcane and watch the snapping turtles in the bayou snap them in half.
You need to pay money to spin pokestops
Whoever is 5,6,7.
Yup, it just sounds so clunky.
Difference is yours would run in half the time and not be exploitable right?
Reported homophobic attacks rose 147% FTFY
Pretty sure you can't pardon civil suits.
This has to be because the Jumbo Shrimp were taken, right?
Trump is a real estate mogul of COURSE he's anti-union.
Yeah a lot of that "whose team is it" shit is what drove a wedge between KD and Westbrook
To say that the guy who's going to be running our country for four years has absolutely NO good ideas at all is whats retarded.
They don't reward this type of cleverness enough.
Thanks!
That's a completely rational way to decide who gets the nuclear codes.
It would be good to see how bad it was though, just to see if it was more serious or more of a reputation call.
More like, get your kids addicted to anything, and you turn them into petty criminals to feed their addiction.
How straight Bananas can be
yup happened to me in the A10C as well.
so if Mattis disagreed with things Trump has already said you would defer to Mattis' judgement?
WTF
(think you double tapped submit, helping a fellow out :3)
I got an authentic one from Gucci Seattle I'll sell for the low size XXXL fits like an American XL
Super predator checking in!
Cause if a candidate doesn't align with us 100% then what's the point in supporting them?
I pre-ordered the game/bought the $59.99 version via PSN store, and I got it too.
They're trying to soften the blow and start desensitizing cucks for when they find out all their heroes are chomos.
The family.
I'm thankful for being able to play an amazing game even though salt is.. salty.
It's art guys...
Oh yeah, cause he was totally "bullied"....
Well what's the point of even having guns if you never get a chance to use them?
The verticle access is far more important in this graph for defense
Also Ranch dressing, because LBJ was Texan, and because why not take this crude pun even further.
Or property taxes...
Why would we help the homeless when there are capitalists that need that money?
no
Gamma doesn't need to be fixed.
You can't get away from a newborn that cries in the middle of the night either, tbh, unless your husband is planning on taking care of the child all night but even then it will still cry and wake you up.
I miss the good old days when rage comics were popular
I thought they confirmed Cena was always going to win, but he insisted on the part where he was 2-1 down and got DDT'd on the floor, before overcoming the odds.
I think his mom forgot a c in his name
I wasn't based on how I read it if you were contributing the full 5%, if you are then you are doing it right :) But 20% down and then anything extra in Index ETFs in a TFSA.
Rampant Resets: 5 li mings vs 5 li mings
Not for me, iOS 10.0.1 here
No, new ones came with the new parts, old ones were destroyed
Thank you!
Genetically modify them to undo the consumption-friendly changes we made so they can survive in the wild
Because combat is way faster on pc, you would drop in 1/2 a second against another player
Ive got fttn in Warner
Yes
Where do you want to apply?
Ravens were not **PLIABLE** /thread
Huh, never saw it.
But Na only had 2 teams playing, it could have been 1-2 which would be bad (though not as bad, obviously).
God, no!
Can we cancel the last 5 games and just have the parade now?
I don't know what kind of scam you got into, but I have a credible rich source who tells me there is not one single school of any kind in Milan.
If you look for racism in anything you will find it...
Because UBISHIT is objectively, literally, Hitler XXxxxDDDD
It allows people to take the per pupil funding to go to a private or religious school, and take that money out of public schools.
Grand theft auto must disavow!
Noice
Khatiya par charcha, badh gaya kharcha
Well otherwise people will sleep there or do drugs or something.
But... what about the Urgot rework ;~;
My rifles except my hunting 22 are scopeless because I was desperate for cash.
Been there, it's fun.
pussy destroyer pussy de - stro - yer
You're gonna have to dig deeper than that.
Answer the question.
It makes for a good army that can help keep the oil prices low.
I approve of this
Still has more money/power/fame than all of us combined
But you *did* know to hyphenate between "shitpost" and "scrub" so props.
This is because.
As far as shitposts go i'd give this a perfect 5/7
Thats called work my friend
In Florida?
Bedford's head is gonna be on a pike before Tuesday
Reminds me of how I was in Mexico a couple weeks ago and I ended up finding a store that was selling a dress with a hammer and sickle on it.
Pick up a book OP.
I should probably have put quotes around the title.
I'm thoroughly convinced at this point that we're being made to fight amongst ourselves and it really doesn't matter much who wins.
We have the best old ladies don't we folks!
But he died!
\#patriots
I think they touched upon that briefly, saying they would incorporate changes after the current mission, Most likely they'll pop up after the midseason break.
Ousai Academy....
Oops *sorry*
Athena and Mercury sitting in a tree, Aphrodite born with glee.
Made in the USA
every time.
Can't tell if your comment is deliberately trying to sound like a statement Trump would make
Awesome thanks.
which icon, the homebutton?
Moana
That or she can use her new clima tact to counter them.
Yeah, stop being so brown!
I guess you missed the show he did on her emails and the Clinton foundation correct?
And while we are at it, why not an equally offensive bin laden or the Columbine shooters or a blackface mask.
Episode 300: "Do I really want the western theme?"
Because that's not racist or elitist at all !
You don't fall in Russia, Russia comes up to you and catches you.
It's usually these people who are self centred or thinks their important
I imagined Hitler
What if you walk around with your hood pulled low and your head tilted down?
No, these are the oppressed minorities restoring their stolen dignity
That keyboard takes me back to my high school days.
I'm just saying, where was Obama as president during 9-11?
I could argue "arresting" somebody hasn't been shown to have any positive effect either.
The stacking camp with torrent doesn't work anymore.
I guess that works?
All I can think of is that he must really have loved choosing between Move Silently and Hide in Shadows, or 5-point weapon proficiencies limited to a single class, or being locked into a small subset of weapons by class.
Did someone say... $$$$REMA$TER$$$$
fine, you win, I tire of this.
Worked on my Amiga, thanks!
So good he scored 4 goals against the Kings tonight all by himself
As a gay man, with a boyfriend who I most admire, I'll go with getting fucked in the ass
For me it makes it look really grainy and not that clear
Found your local IP address: 192.168.0.1 your move.
Would you rather have to watch your parents have sex every night or join in once to make it stop.
I am crying with slight shame
Only the grimy ones then?
Or Elizabeth Warren, but I don't think she's willing to leave the Senate at this point.
So....Zetans?
KU Football DBs represent.
Well of course there's no power below 4,500, it's a Honda ;P
Shit, then I hope Ola k gets I injured for 4 days then .
I mean, during the primaries Bernie polled 15-20 points better than Trump while Hillary was doing about the same as she did now, but yeah Bernie could never win
Fuze, always the gentleman
Can confirm, headed there now
Same, but dallas, not houston
Cell carrier employee here: this is gonna be fun
Maybe Sanders
Last I checked the editors for the Washington Post and the Huffington Post were not literally the CEO of Hillary's campaign.
allons-y
damn, the desert in the northern part of africa looks like it's creeping down.
I wish the intro mission was at least 4 chapters long, it was so god damn insane I wish it went on for longer.
But they only have, like, 50 city killers vs our 600+, clearly we would win
Apparently being childfree means you're the world's babysitter; not that you actually watch kids, but you watch the stores, drive the bus and make the food when parents are "just too put out" to do it.
Not that I think this is a karma grab but self posts give you karma.
r/PitchforkEmporium
Time to hit up the lottery I guess.
Just remember, you will always have time to die.
I wonder if Slanessh owns pornhub
Cuz it's a fire opal.
How dare you claim the bluest state ever seen had anything fishy going on
Did it hurt getting a head cannon installed?
This gif pains me
If only college was free, then we wouldn't have this problem.
Might want to look that up again.
its simple supply and demand, the demand for racism way outpaced the supply so they had to make more though.
And they did the quote too!
Some cop did some really good work to help get that conviction
Then conversely a candidate shouldn't be rewarded for making the playoffs either, and Trout should be 4 time defending ALMVP
I'm a happy guy and this picture makes me feel violent for some reason
I used to do this, but now stores seem open one lane with a person and have 8 automated ones.
Everything is ok as long as they take on jobs to entertain us!
I...I... was the girl Korean?
To work on the fake moon landings obviously
Florida fans probably
Atta boy.
Everytime
i read it in a sad clown voice too
adobe cc
This isn't the case, if it was her name would've been 'Eve Witch' obviously.
This "Estonia and Poland and Lithuania" is a little misleading - all these countries was involved in fights on Latvian side.
#DISHONEST MEDIA
To be fair, both entirely legitimate concerns
I know the same guy... he's pretty nice.
Starve a man and he'll love you for giving him stale bread.
what neck?
LEMMINO
Thank you white Jesus for the electoral college!
But helping the poor is for communists!
2 words: E. MAILS.
best reddit inside joke, better than broken arms or tech support.
THAT'S SOMEBODY'S ASSHOLE
But then how are we gonna overthrew our government if it becomes tyrannical?
I'm into voyeurism.
them4rex is a massive asshole as well if you ever had the "luck" of talking to him
You buy stocks and then you lose all your money
Thanks for your constructive input, you're really adding to the discussion.
GGs gone sexual
Sounds too good to pass-up!
Lord Bendtner himself.
If we still have a liveable planet in a hundred years.
84 years and still no new legendaries
33 nooooooo
You didn't have to give the descriptions of yourself in the title, we can tell just by looking at you
it was actually my lagswitch you cought me
Argentina is enemies with Russia?
No, once it is written it is the law and can never be changed
See, Trump is already doing everything he can do to streamline the government and make it more efficient.
But it does since the bill isn't limited to that one word.
Have you read the Bible?
Yeah, what could be more American than forcing others to adopt whatever speech you demand of them.
Definitely AWP BOOM with VP on scope and M4a1-S Nitro, if you're using M4A4, the Battlestar or Radiation Hazard :)
HOLY FUCK
I bet the views of the night sky are pretty fantastic too
or maybe there's something wrong with society if it's getting in the way of our biological purpose?
Yeah, it totally makes sense for heroin users to support a man who repeatedly mentions fighting the terrible heroin epidemic in many states
Newtonian negation gobblegum
PREDATOR PRANK [IN THE REEF] [GONE SEXUAL] [ISIS]
Or speech
You dropped this
Killing them first.
We've lost Tripp's audio.. woe is me
Go Go Gadget Arms!
But why do you hate freedom?
You dropped your
so heavy tanks aren't relevant in the game and die each game to arty.
What a novel
Yeah because they'll definitely be reading the UNOFFICIAL subreddit...
I mean... You don't fill bottles like this with detergent?
Cat.
curse you gallowboob
#Maak Nederland Groot Opnieuw
Quail Quossing
3 pairs of hands for each sabotaged TC/MGU-H on Lewis car; checkmate!
For a party who came to power by 'exposing' others, they seem to get exposed a lot these days.
Do we really want to normalise the notion that women must dress modestly?
You mean butthole jokes are not cool anymore?
And I'm sure tax payers paying off students' debts will do wonders to lower the cost of tuition.
You're referring to the Golden Age.
They are saving him for when Xavier breaks up with new day to form the Newer Day with crews and swann.
Man, now that I have read FMA, this hits me every time I see it.
Actually this should be the top comment.
I definitely read it in his voice!
Lol we literally got penalized three plays in a row on defense... but yeah refs are biased
yeah but then no one will be able to see his chest tattoo
Save it til you need it bud
inb4 the clipping is actually lore-important dream theory confirmed, clipping is possible in dreams!
I guess i'll just pat myself on the back and feel somewhat special :c
0/10- Needs more Monkey.
Me too thanks.
Christy Clark is a liar and will do or say anything to get re-elected - what a shocker.
Just buy a cow and save some money.
About half as long.
You only need an LoR if you break tge contract, not if you compete it
Nope.
I wish I could have upgraded sooner, my old one was stuck in a booting loop and take around half hour to actually display an image.
Ah yes, i'm sure this is a totally viable option for everyone, especially those without an education or experience
The pollution from coal is so much more beautiful, soot is like little black tar-flakes
Maybe if Fleury just played better he could improve his stats past Condon's.
not a bad idea, hmm sounds like it's from a movie I would never know where
Flirt back with people flirting with me and then get anxious and run away
Remember, Obama is *still* suffering from Bush's policies.
Just stop doing it and amaze your friends!
I was joking I dropped the
That I am very sad.
Too bad it's not Elon Musk.
I agree it would be common sense/courtesy to mark this as (MAJOR GOT SPOILERS) but yeah I'm a sucker for these mash-ups.
I shook the hand that shook the hand of someone who shook the hand with another who shook the hand of a person that had sex with a woman that was fathered by the Roman man who worked as a soldier and was bossed around by the man that arrested Jesus :\^)
Well its hard for Obama to find a phone on the golf course...
I've seen this before a lot, but what quest is that?
I wouldn't say he sucks but right now he's not looking like he's ready to take the next step
Yeah cause you're obviously going to own up to it right?
It's mostly just because Greensboro is in guilford county and the names are all kinda similar.
Django unchained is totally a perfect movie to set the mood.
There's one in Norman, Oklahoma
Good contribution.
Didn't know if it actually needed the
If you haven't removed it by now why even bother
He is making so many sacrifices to be our President
If you're willing to spend big bucks anyway, then what's so bad about a Pixel?
We lost the MLS Cup because we touched the Conference Trophy.
It's a picture of police activity - I literally didn't imply any sort of agenda.
Well, no randoms on the NF, luckily.
First and second panels... *always* get a gift, no matter what they say...
I knew the RSPCA and councils wanted access to metadata, but primary schools want it now too?
I'm calling it a night too so later y'all and Merry Christmas
Yeh I'm sure you'll all love it forever just like snow day.
Can someone send me the Russian national anthem so I can get a head start on learning it?
ex1 but i tried with just "ex" and nothing changed.
Yes, I'm sure the poor defenseless dude did and said nothing at all to warrant having a drink thrown on him!
Keep it on LinkedIn.
Since you're tall (though shorter than I) your opinion is valid.
why should you not watch this game
The government doesn't want you getting the spins, they care about you
I hear two wins passed around quite a bit, does that give you the better return?
Much like we couldn't understand the sunrise then, so now we'll never understand the sunrise.
Thanks for clearing that up
Siya nga mismo nagsabing pumatay siya dati so idk man.
Yeah it's way more impressive doing it in normals during the 40 minute lane phase.
yeah the only issues I've ran into is with GTA V, but that game always had problems for me on my 760 as well, so I just have a standard clock profile for it other than that, doom has no issues at 4K/high with this clock
yeah normal
Why the hell does some champion like zed have energy but some champions like lux have mana?
Of course it starts, -26C is like summer in Swedin
Clearly not with Brian's excellent writing, pacing, character trait representation, repecting their preevious history to mainttain continuity and general badassery
if it makes you feel better, sure
They're not even pretending to work on governmental policy any more, it's just a circus of insane worldview morality and knee-jerk intransigence
Reads left to right #notanime
The Russian army forces women to wear miniskirts as sex objects.
but waaaaaaaaaaaaah why won't all of the CSM cater to my particular niche playstyle :( :( :( :(
Speak American when you're in America!
This is better suited for the daily discussion thread.
Man..sorry to hear that, I took the test this morning too and I barely managed to pass
Yeah that was all her doing and NOT the speech writer
I live in Alaska, what is this water cool PC?
Well it depends if you have snow brakes too.
Yeah, but imagine your thermals with ICE cooling
Sent ya a friend request buddy :) .
Obviously Obama's fault!
Next thing to rollback will be their stock price.
GEE HAVENT SEEN THIS BEFORE
7.64 seems pretty reasonable for a micro wookiee don't see the issue here?
Is this from that little place on Yellowstone Blvd?
How do you deal with being such a faggot
Because your jokes are stale?
Great tip.
Im sure shes telling the WHOLE truth and not bending the truth to make her sound cooler
They're expendable.
Just another coincidence...
Put a fork in a blender
It has no hair, that's just the sword
Wow, that's a beautifully written review of the album
Working at a car was around christmas is fun!
You know there are two kinds if counties in this world: counties that have been to the moon, and counties that use the metric system
Foreign = Exotic!
Ma pure senza blackjack...
LMAO fucking retards
I, too, am offended by simple low-hanging jokes.
My life.
Waiting for the "La Banquise" guy to chime in... Go on, I dare you!
Ooooohhh we just walked in on Joe Buck giving Rodgers a blowie
Hours of your life spent working to pay to buy and maintain it
I read Shakespeare, when English used to be a *real* language
**IT'S TIME TO STOP**
Username checks out
Not really, sorry.
It looks like he's peeing.
lots of walking without chocobo
Yeah but Obama saving thousands of decent American jobs bailing out the auto industry for a tenth of that at most is the same
Yeah, the part timers in day cabs really know what they're doing.
Spoken like a true content creator
She could be on the list for highest grossing Asian actors soon.
Can i start your collection?
Trivializing rape is hilarious, dude.
Indeed, those who need psychological help should man the fuck up.
okay Reddit, now tell me how this makes Obama look bad and Trump look good
Yeah, because generosity is materialism.
Writing was invented in Iraq, of course it's a conspiracy!
What a coincidence!
You're taking away a taxpaying citizen from your country.
Did you build maw to survive that skillfull and totally balanced ability or were you playing the juggernaut Kog'Maw comp for fun to make adc seem like a normal champ in s7?
I bet your Gorehowl broke too.
Obviously all the Freedom we have makes up for it.
That makes sense to me since I do use separate bathrooms at work and at home.
It's actually surprising how rare it is to be interdicted in hostile territory considering how rabidly NPCs try to hunt you for even 1 ton of cargo.
with toppings
Jedd Gyrko is a baseball player
Definitely no nests, but anywhere a Magikarp spawns, a gyarados can spawn there too.
While you studied the blade, I studied the dew chalice.
Why not use the basket?
the higher hit speed is to make up for the beginning where it's doing really little damage just like an inferno tower so yea it still take 3-4 seconds to charge up to max like a sparky does.
TIL: My life is a lie and I shouldn't bother with a graduate level education at a research university.
tl;dr?
Yao is leaning wayyy the fuck back
NYC if traffic wasnt a "thing" thru the Holland tunnel Soooooo.... Hoboken.
Isnt that exactly what we are
:)
I'm compiling this into a lyrics sheet, so please autising to finish the song.
Yeah, if only there was some kind of test site.
Jesus.
Dlc 4 is actually "Death Stranding"
And none of the women working in the White House are better than an 8.
Everyone knows that women don't masterbate.
I believe they prefer the term transnigger
yeah, it would be soooo hilarious if you got pregnant, because you would totally have no choice but to keep the baby
Jon Lebowitz man can't wait for it
Like hitler or charles Manson
personal foul, 15.
yeah, they really addressed the collateral damage in MoS
she is not lol, her winrate is high because she got buffed few patches ago
Yea, EU sucks so hard that Regi was definitely flat out lying if he said EU teams would make it out of group
He's hanging out with Sanu on my bench...
Who cares as long as you score points?
Kills the inmersion
Well they had to arrest somebody!
Maybe they use Bing or Yahoo for searching?
You forgot the
Seriously, I had no clue how many people were pho experts until the shit hit the fan with that Bon Appetite video.
Let's be real - the Egg-normous burrito is way better than this abomination.
goddammnit Obama
But then the big banks won't deal with them.
here's hoping you haven't.
Of course it's always the republicans fault.
Because I meant he was literally on PCP...
It's just a visual glitch.
Austin Dillon's dick that he slipped through a bunch of Pumpkin Spice Cheerios.
but u kno, that doesn't mean anything because cultural marxist sjew indoctrination or w/e
Oh yeah, I forgot BLM trademarked their name.
Because fuck the system thats why loll
Little did you know your washing with piss
You smark
I don't see the problem, I mean quintuplets are a real thing right?
Nope, we full.
Thank Allah this was a one off thing.
Clearly you don't get it: it's impossible for black people to be racist.
oh no, that minute to enter and exit a citadel is so hard for you i bet
Yeah, it's only the blood that doesn't have any oxygen in it
They'd meet Yellow Diamond.
Sounds like a reason to wear burqa.
Where is that Article 59 prime minister?
Burqa and all?
Wooow you racist piece of shit not eating black shit
Watch out folks, we got a real stormtrooper here.
Maybe a bigger red circle around the red circle is needed?
You uncultured swine
do it
Those are amazingly good.
Excuse me, isn't that a white nationalist symbol?
Yeah it's totally shit not being able to pick the same shitty op champs over and over and over and over and over again ruining the fun for everyone.
For existing, amirite?
Pretty sure there's a healthy amount of young people who have taken the activity of playing video games and parlayed it into a job.
Can't wait....
Make it so you can skip the entire fight and you get your trim comp cape back with no effort
He also called into question Ted Cruz's nativity at some point... effin' racist, I say.
I think Epic have been listening to all the voices saying they are unhappy about how difficult the game is and the incredibly high skill ceiling of some heroes like khaimera and greystone, and made things a bit more manageable you know, because, everyone was calling for it.
Yes, the 1940's, a more simple, clean cut, and moral world.
Confirmed: Florida doesn't even understand *rivalries*, let alone actual hockey
yeah because there is nothing racist about a shorthand heil hitler
Is he the guy that got the green jacket after Spieth lost it?
Well they probably weren't very good pianos
lol yeah I'm sure this will be the one that takes him down
but my special snowflake culture was ruined by white people
When the end of the world comes, I'll be kicking back with a glass of single malt and some Vogon poetry.
Fuck you
I'm sure that the 2 year old is actually a large black man in the disguise of a 2 year old
TIL
Down vote and move on.
UH OH, SOMEBODY'S GOING TO BE ON GAWKER!
Banned
Let's downvote this guy because he has an opinion.
Holy dick he has some moves.
It's when you press f11 and spam left click
That makes me feel better
Huge 20 pound pile cropped out ;)
That was coaches pick btw
Cakes is Kalon confirmed
Galaxy S8 XL
After the regional rail debacle, this is EXACTLY what Philly needs.
Is Veiera really that hard to spell?
In came here to say thisTM
The nerve of those pretty girls
My insecurities.
Get her pregnant, that will teach her to use borth control.
You see tuition prices these days?
Nah that's not racism man, they don't have "power".
At least our 'beloved' can't explode and kill everyone we love
Ah crap I clicked it twice.
Clinton and her husband is responsible for ruining millions of lives around the world ..... *but* bringing up Trump saying in a tape that he likes to grab groupies by the pussy as equivalent discourse is not desperate at all
Yeah, I like that guy, too.
please tell me there's a
Well that does seem to be the idea, but remove con with the idea that retiring to Canada is the plan or sending kids to school here etc.
liquid flair
Don't forget - it's applying patchy because she has 11 hour old makeup on her face.
God's laws don't change, but human understanding of God's will is imperfect so the laws and expectations change as our understand changes.
don't you mean Nate Plastic?
But she feels like a criminal
w2c those converse with a little heart
At least it's not a Simpsons character like with Turkey.
Time to buy Auroracoin!
Adderall.
putting more work into your memes than the actual event
Doesn't work at all on netscape with windows ME
He's their CB2.
Clearly they were Nazis.
They're on a mission to hide Obama's Kenyan birth certificate.
Pay it forward.
Rachnera's got the best legs though &lt;3
Someone made a post with valid points and opinions some people disagree with, what's not to downvote?
Sounds like she has her priorities straight.
AYY XCOM
Perhaps this is just Australia.
Give that Pokemon a coat!
The new map is very close, we might get a good amount of lapis thanks to it.
Life
That gives away the ending though
Does anyone have a good recommendation for GF (and preferably vegan) cream of mushroom?
His argument is that anything short of death camps doesn't count as racism.
Pretty sure it's "art".
Well, I'm not this hopeful.
I haven't played pokemon since I think emerald, would it be very different now?
It's EA we're talking about here...
Something Michael something Jackson something
Fixed the link and title thanks to u/WeWillHaveHope
They have been told that that which is the solution to their problems is their enemy (soft socialism).
None of your business.
That doesn't sound insecure at all, sounds downright psychotic.
You really made my face light up with a smile because you're so beautiful.
Khan academy is also a pretty dope resource for LA IIRC
Nope.
I'm more concerned about why Jagex deleted their 33,000 bot accounts.
lol wut
I freaking love the light up boards in Vancouver.
Sushi or pizza.
Rest in pieces
#E D G E
Trump could discover the cure for cancer, and the CNN headline would be "Donald Trump destroys thousands of jobs for cancer researchers; families in upheaval".
I think my horizons will be considerably broadened after this experience
inb4 "that's not safe!!"
Hey man if it weren't for the whole job and family thing :(
if(note7){ System.out.boom;
Could be true just to spite Sydney?
I'm certain if you even clicked a wikileaks link you've been added
Toliololol is just gonna shit on this dream
Are you navy EOD?
wow, it's almost like it's a bad idea to build on the land no matter if money changed hands already.
(#/flairahGpuch) without the g
That's the second one you made this thread.
Did you rub on out?
no
Lol
Good shout.
Hirens is definitely a must have.
Probably took a perfectly good SKS and re-stocked it in some cheap black plastic Chinese made stock meant to look like an AR with shitty after market removable mags and tons of gay addons
Do you work for pepsi?
Where do you think the internet came from?
Ya but the job security
(no one asked)
That kinda hurts to watch :D
Troll account, save your keystrokes and sanity for someone who deserves it.
Game Grover
unlucky, get high challenger maybe, try snipe gross gore.
Well maybe if it was closed people wouldn't jump into it and attack you
Or you get an absolute monster of a tank.
He certainly had that characterization, the psycho one, but there was also the blunt dickhead refusing orders/ telling you odds of survival when u ask not to.
My favorite has got to be the Ruri because that look on her face just says "I did not think anyone could do something that stupid, but you just did..."
Sweet... that's awful for me.
Still a better coronation than Twilight.
Danielle *is* a racist though.
KEK &lt;-- This one KEK KEK KEK KEK
yah its a good thing they don't know where your license plate is registered.
Umm...Oops.
thanks!
Dat dekt de eerste paar weekjes kinderopvang wel..
Does immunity man cancel out good meme effects as well as bad ones?
Apparently the blacks didn't turn out to vote against him
Watch the flop!
I'm so glad you allow me my own opinion.
Evil isn't Destruction and Creation is.
Don't let other people control your emotions.
JAVALE IS IN THE GAME
Or that Redditors are such pieces of shit that attractive women would never associate with the site.
this *is* r/wtf, right?
What's so big about it?
Fortunately, you only have to collect golden monkey butts once per character.
But it *feels* like she's a felon
Well they had pink pigs.
Why did I never think to cook lentils in the rice cooker?
But it is
There has to be more... There are none of Hillary's emails on there.
Jesus, you lot are fucking unbelievable.
I've seen post such as "force with 1700~2200" and stuff like that and I got team-mates who kept doing this so I posted it as such
He's consistently one of the funnier parts of Total Divas.
hs only ffa B-) I like faceit as it means nothing to me and it effectively is as close you can be to mm without risking your rank, you also cant get team-killed which is always nice as everyone there are toxic rejects.
Sympati... Weapon of the weak.
About the same time people began being total cunts to others online and accusing everyone else of being 'oversensitive' instead of, you know, not being a cunt.
Brian May got his PhD in astrophysics?
nothing like going to the most depressing food court known to man and seeing a couple places still somehow open.
That's important.
I speak English loudly, that's the same as being fluent in every language on earth because everybody understands it.
If you've ever had night seizures there is still question.
You can host some for my guild if you want, we probably won't be active till like 6:00 or 7:00 EST though
Yes, that was said in the AMA.
And the random chance of quantum particles that cannot be predicted without altering the result!
This is going to be disappointing, but it's just my account icon, which is a picture of me.
Best moment was watching him place it, execute him, then melee the turret :) didn't even fire a shot :D
pepper spray, the new weapon against dissent around the world.
I'm near Win Dixie on 434, will keep an eye out!
and lets sell sasktel while we're at it!
Step 1: start a pro trump super pac with my mom hey Step 2: wait tell Putin calls my phone Step 3: offer him 3 million to let me lick his nipple
1st Sgt Arthur and the Lady of the Rice Paddy.
And without accepting money they wouldn't be able to win lawsuits shutting down adblocking for all.
That was the best two hours I've spent today.
Where were all of these pizza-dealing, sex-hungry women when I was a teen?
But but...big meteor, the reset button
We've seen weirder things with 2016.
No, it's for Kevin Hart's new movie
The womans behaviour was definitely outlandish but the people freaking out over a tiny red smudge on their car are retarded too.
AR is not ingrained in your name!
I think I would probably get a nice visit from the IRS first haha.
Tax free, as long as you're willing to donate a thousand to a charity of your choosing.
At least you don't have to mail them like in the GC version :p
They need a dance option.
7/11 was a part time job.
They downvote you.
Why is Hillary trying to destroy the American fireworks industry?
Also the gas supply valve if the property has gas
Looks like he wanted to fall and be funny but accidentally hit himself.
Wait, do you mean Royce?
I expect it.
This is a goofy post.
great idea not including it.
It's doable, but you have to jailbreak the iPhone to get the same effect.
That sounds like something inspired by the monstrous Clippy....
But I'm not done with your mind yet.
we haven't left yet , once we leave expect a recession
The fan base would be better off without you
NSA did 9/11 man
Was this supposed to be the slowpoke meme?
We command dread and awe!
I'd pay a fuckton of money to see an action movie where Julian Assange fights off waves of SWATs in the Ecuadorian embassy.
Progress...
What wouldn't having a woman president be neat?
I don't see where it really affects them.
Download Ubuntu or Mint, burn it to a DVD or a USB thumb drive, boot on Linux, extract your data and run a SMART test on the disk.
How much does the average abortion cost?
Damn, very well said...... Get that patriot a coat!
I watched a movie called "The Room", but I don't think it was the same thing...
He's been going after Trump for a while on his Twitter, I'm actually extremely glad he's speaking well about Hillary more often now.
I believe they were quoting doctor who
There you fucking white males go again with your crazy alt-right conspiracy theories
But they are the party of tolerance and building bridges
As long as the president is white and male, then government can do what it likes, and all's right with the world.
mods will remove it anyways
And GSP is huge
Yeah, screw that guy trying to learn new words!
That there Ben Ghazi feller is still out there being trained by Hillary to get ready for another terrorist attack, you know.
FINALLY a conspiracy I can believe in!
Democratic oligarchy's gonna oligarch.
The spinal rose looks like a rare Pepe.
Ahhh ... childhood .... the gift that keeps on giving ... It gets better - keep trying and you WILL see progress!
Yeah damn veterans and their **perks** and **pay**!
You're triggering me
lol
No its damage done and kills
I'm a secret fuck boy?
Knocking down strawmen isn't for the faint of heart.
1) The ring that Junpei gave to her in the VLR ending of ZTD 2) This is how Sigma gets through the door in ZTD 3) Sigma was adamant that Diana pressed the button in the button room for ZTD, saying "Buttons are meant to be pressed."
Isn't there a client notice specifically saying that transfers are disabled?
How can I hate it for my guys when my guys aren't even here now ?
I knew it!
Not sure what you mean by this since PB and pizza doesn't sound half bad.
The live video he did a few days later 11/8, he used the official apple dongle and it did not have that issue with flickering or wifi dropping
I don't think that is a legitimate option for criminal charges.
This thread is going to be really interesting when Duke wins this game.
Stats arent everything he died once in lane so hes bad.
Thank you :)
Suggesting a cyclist should obey traffic laws, that's a paddlin
updoot for you too!
No, because everyone knows all drugs are bad.
You do realize that Trump is the very embodiment of why we can amend the constitution?
I think he would make a good Bug who was in one of the original scripts for GotG.
Dude, charge your phone.
Ahk-vahd!
No, that's the ***only*** car with the sticker!
because he got gold for being plat?
The Opel lost his license
pensa se ci fosse stato scritto: "La procura indaga sulla cyber propaganda pro PANDORO" che sollevazione popolare
Because arena doesnt tie, so that makes guessing the correct answer a 2/2 chance.
Mine was twice as long and I still got shit for it being too short
Peas
i think id still rather have crag 3/3/3 and triblast
Honestly thought this was a butt plug for a while
If you post to earth porn don't forget to Photoshop the picture beyond recognition for maximum karma
Dodge wants to make its owners believe they have the third "man" pedal
Should we trade for Aldrich?
I can't seem to get it to work on mobile
Is it live on NA or only PBE?
I couldn't take watching Trumbo's defense in the outfield.
free drinks?
I sense The Talk 2.0 coming.
get a job you losers
Maybe you should hire some archaeologists to find the dinosaur bone in there.
Learn to use
Bro the flow is nice good work
How would we know if we kept bouncing him back and forth between triple a and the show
Yeah I don't know why these scrublords are struggling so much lol
Of all the people to go after, I'm a bit surprised he chose HY.
The ass shouldn't have been heckling.
he's a well known xenophobe amongst other things but who cares!
At a socialist party USA meeting, this could be the most uncool picture ever.
*In Homer Simpson voice* Mmmmm, Briskettt
cut him
RAIN RAIN RAIN
Reality has a liberal bias.
I just use the clock on my phone, What do I need a watch for?
Where did you get the straws?
I thought Jesus only came in wafer form.
I think the pumpkin is winning.
cultcultcultcultcultcultcultcultcultcultcultcultcultcultcultcult
I'm too high for this rn
You forgot the
The amount of hate PMs we get
The Atlas V N22 rocket which will be carrying the Boeing CST-100 Starliner will have two small strap on solid rocket motors
Trump: "Ok, but you're still gonna waterboard them with the drinks though, right?"
I appreciate the offer, but it's not enough.
My Python goes from ~35ly to ~130ly so it's still pretty damn high.
Yeah, can't have a lowly superintendent job during up your resume.
Hey when's the last time you were attacked by someone with a knife?
r/westworld is leaking
Price hike and service degradation, what's not to like?
Fuck man, we don't want any more Musa users
You're right, we should stop negotiating.
Ahh okay then, be sure to cattle prod Alfa so he works faster, servants of the emperor gets no breaks
There's a lot more to downtown than that intersection.
police in my area have laptops and printers in their cars.
you ruined 1 game and reddit retards are about to ruin many of yours for the next months, this community is top notch
**Decals** Takumi: Combo (Tactician) Dominus: Mondo Dominus: Royalty **Wheels** Carriage **Rocket Trails** Candy Corn Hearts **Toppers** Birthday Cake Pumpkin Visor **Antenna** Calavera Fuzzy Brute Fuzzy Skull Fuzzy Vamp Waffle **Crates** 4 CC2's I'll give you all that for it.
Yeah, it just sits at idle all the time, never seeing any use.
It looks like drawings, not actual letters.
Call me racist again and see who I vote for!
fuuuuck you... that ain't cool
I just tried this and now WASD won't do anything even after I tried unbindall and resetting them... what do I do
So edgy man!
But yeah, the earth is totally flat..
Holy shit, does that guy do an impressive Musselk!
Not sure if it really belongs here, but damn that's a nice photo.
Well her theory is... sound
Of course, you're in a good position to judge whether things I say are mentally-disabled or brilliant, since you're perfect and capable of understanding things far beyond my level.
Wow good work keep it up fam
The east coast bias conspiracy touches everything
To be THE final map is very dissapointment
Maclin 100 yards and 2 TD
I clicked but it says I have to pay money to get the file decrypted.
Can't you just Chuck it in the oven for a bit in the end?
yes, veterans always take up the cause of hippie protesters.
But then they can't use as much space for graphics and advertising!
Yeah but it's a drug, if you take it you're gonna end up on the street sucking dick for fungi
Your mom may just really hate black people.
That could've used a
Because Im sure sex would be your biggest priority when you have schitzophrenia.
Thanks, yes I will be there a few times over a month so the fittings will not be an issue
I'm pretty amazed that Warhead Junction hasn't already had a nuclear winter
Things would be so much better if the other motorist fired back, and we had a shootout on the bridge.
U mad u got rekt son?
Sound like the most American Englishmen ever.
Atleast our rapists got better standards than other ones.
he supports city so I'm gonna guess, whoever wins
HE WILL BE OUR GOD-EMPEROR FOR ALL ETERNITY
I think he called you a troll or useful idiot and you missed it
~~news~~Propaganda
Oxycontin 160
Me too.
Yeah her expertise is astounding
what, getting knocked up?
The reason people hate you is the fact that you are playing different to the meta.
dis yung boi who cant shot
When you are competing for dollars and positive yelp reviews from the discerning pedo, branding might be all that helps you stand out in that area.
Swamp is officially over our heads.
Brb killing myself
That's not what Breitfart told me!
I hope they replace it with a Chipotle.
Because why should the most populated and biggest economy states dictate the fate of the country
Thanks....
The timelines switched.
Lost it at healthy wifi connection.
Yeah it's a fiction novel.
Oh
Collectivist societies versus individualist ones
...wasted.
And wipe the snow off them when you get in your care.
Take all my upvotes.
You look more lost than a retard in a balloon factory.
What exactly do you do regularly
Nah man, giftsplosions are way more confusing!
Yeah, well, they should've thought about that before they let their parents bring them into the country!
So are we not meant to get the extra's yet?
WHERE YA BEEN ?
so do communist
*None of them can exist at the same time as Ennard FTFY
Ikr, From please add back infinite stunlock, 2 hits is just too short!
Glad they're tackling the important issues.
You sure showed him what a real high noon looks like
Wait does that mean we have to apply the constitutions to Muslims, Mexicans, and Gays too?
Fake news of course
How do you get your Elon Musk fix now?
-40 in Airdrie u pussy
You know, all those liberal mega-agriculture outfits and hotel chains, mass importing people to pick their produce and scrub their shitters.
Compelling argument.
So much fail here
That's not a very popular message though.
na sniper with aghs is now long range aoe that doesnt put him at risk and targets everyone for 2.8x damage
Rng that rewards BiS to a person who doesn't even raid while raiders have to run 9000 mythic+ dungeons sure is fun :)
Weet ik, ik bedoelde meer dat mensen denken dat iedereen daarzo Arabier is en hierheen wil komen.
But the real problem is the public sector and their unreasonable benefits like not firing you on maternity leave.
I've never seen a man in the women's- unless they were in a dress :P
Who's your worm guy, man?
Pay to play.
Hmm I wonder why we have laws for illegal things then...
B-b-b-but it's mindgame strategies!
Snipers at a disadvantage, oh no that's terrible, now I can't get one shotted every time... damn
You forgot the
Captain desperately trying to hit the brakes
No a capital I looks like L
Comunque troppi!
I don't think it's funny at all... Which probably means you'll be the biggest channel on YouTube within 6 months.
AGP is the way of the future!
True, but comon, tell me how cool seeing 'lie' then the rest of the title fade in.
No shit, really?
WHY DO YOU CARE
Weird question
It takes a long time to get the death camps ready to take all the guns and kill the Christians and straight people with their own guns
So you're saying I have a chance?
Get the fuck out of there, not trying to end up a suspect
So to whom would one hypothetically sell their account to, and how would one hypothetically go about it?
OH MY GOD I HATE YOU I JUST GOT WEREWOLF WHILE I WAS READING THIS AND ITS ALL YOUR FAULT
automatically at a disadvantage for using discord
serious?
It certainly doesn't, but the 'prolife' view is based on a systematically broken view of humanity in general.
Nah, let's just jump on the bandwagon and start commenting on how much horrible she is without.
What's wrong with the back of the bus, anyway?
He definitely says "big league", but for the record "bigly" is actually a real word.
slide for reddit padin mga ulul
Mine too, man.
I sincerely hope you forgot a
Only brown people can be terrorists
Fellow programmer here, try **Ricochet Robots**!
Diamond Cooler confirmed
It's not illegal if the government does it
It looks like they basically said, "Lets slap a big piece of carbon fiber on the front and claim that it takes style cues from the GT-R!"
Such amazing finds, these wikileaks.
I cant even get a text back
I've got short hair that's cut in a sort of punk semi-undercut that's usually some bright, ostentatious color, and I hear this on a near-weekly basis: "You know, I don't ordinarily like weird hair, but it looks pretty good on you!"
I can't find any info on the candidate, I'd like to believe that Promobot wishes to bring back glorious communism.
Nightingale armor, shield of solitude maybe?
You forgot the
Californians aren't Real Americans (TM)
The people are on kyoshi island
Saben is last, cause I'm not going to support the devil.
It's not a bug, it's a feature!
We are both a country north of a shitty country
23.3k people upvoted this answer
No no the person wearing the shirt clearly doesn't understand that not all religions have a hell and is simply trying to act like a badass
Celebrities and/or women aren't real people.
GET OUT!
A drinking alcoholic Fran Drrescher...I can see the resemblance.
For real...
good!, now tax the hell out of them!
I still wear my GWAMM title and doubt that there is any title that could replace it for me!
But how else shall I reap the karma
Do you think there will be UN Sanctions on Israel as a result?
This conversation he's having with himself is pretty great though
Oh yeah, they totally chose to be assigned the wrong gender at birth
All of them are inactive to some degree.
Wow there is level9 at 5k
Yeah that seems most likely but after half a season you'd expect him to get some playing time.
Yeah I probably should have thrown in an
I'm sure Democrats would be appalled if the RNC emails detailing corruption and nasty statements were revealed.
Haha yeah it's about time to get a board
cool - thanks for the upload!
Oh, but the electoral college would put too much power into the hands of too few people
Last week I accidentally went to my old house, but I work as a locksmith and pick the door to my own house every day.
DMES
God's not real.
Poor babies, the Trumps lost at something.
Tell your kids to stop being pussies.
Oh yea totally the same thing
The brain is like a server, gotta keep that shit cool
Sure, we will make special reservations for that purpose.
Now why wouldn't they call them AirBuds?
I thought germany could take it?
I just don't want to see it end, man.
But Imgur gives great CC
All white people have committed genocide!
Yeah you can't freak out about someone Fucking up your hair you're right
How dare she exploit herself like that!
L-e-g-o, it's Lego, not Legos you heathen.
Fucking reptilian humanoids
Butte, Montana is Hill Mountain (French and kind of Spanish)
You would think naming all the characters on the account, giving information of class switches, original goblin pass, exact date the account was created(with screenshots), last login date, location of where the account was created, email verification and name would be enough infomation to prove its your account but apparently not lol.
I have to think that even if they were different compounds, it would be very difficult to be able to tell just by feeling them.
Use norton?
Didn't you know?other card games(especially IRL ones) give you all their cards if you want,you just have to say It.This game is so p2w compared to those
Yeah he should check his privilege, shitlord!
Yeah, that's what made The Lost World so great!
What email address did she use when saying that?
Mods are fun
Don't give valve any ideas
Looks like a scene from Weekend at Bernie's...
shoppers is a part of the loblaws corporation, their tse stock symbol is "L"
Wow, what an incredible, breathtaking, Easter egg.
Can't tell the terrorists the plan!
I hope it's a stick and not ~~a fuse~~ an S-Pen.
***I WILL BUILD A BIG, BEAUTIFUL WALL, AND MAKE MEXICO PAY FOR IT***!
A lot of people are talking about it.
No dude she's having a seizure because her parkinsons/aids/hepatitis/whatever requires her to wear a catheder is acting up.
Looks like you have a mild infestation of spider mites
Is a gun and a single bullet an expensive lesson?
It has guns and is in syria so this is the right place right?
reminds me of marka ragnos for some reason.
Not Turkish but: just keep grinding longer than you would normally.
How else will they get people to vote for them?
Then you have living-grandma privilege, shitlord.
You forgot to add
I think that was the idea...
Tell your dad to stop being such an anti-national
Obviously she's just trying to make a social commentary on the backwards thinking political issues we're having in NC
Do you get feels everytime you see a mirror then?
Don't forget the DNA sample
First * also super fast sticky
I think he wants it to let you choose when you play Cthun not when you play this
Tunnel Trogg, Totem Golem, Tuskarr Totemic and 4 mana 7/7 should always be standard
ST
Excuse my lack of urban planning skills, but there is clearly a car going the wrong way in the second picture so I don't see this as a 'huge improvement'.
Pressure 100 Aggression 100
Because I've never seen it, it doesn't exist!
Amps
I'm sure glad the old AH got the nerf it needed
I'm assuming
Lime trahere and Sky blue lowrider for takumi?
Can you also do Sol's base skin while you're at it?
There are people who do that considering they are the center of the universe.
eh there are a lot of anti-eu comments atm, typical na
Patches was back after only 8 days... what a scrub
yea d2HD
Enthusiasm Gap!
Then it doesn't count
15 day old account with a name referencing something anti-Clinton, sounds like a true Bernie Supporter.
Method couldn't find a rival, so they had to make their own
Tannehill plays QB dummy
What a whore
Inderdaad, fuck die stomme kinderen!
Because as a US citizen, it is his duty as a public figure to bow down before the military with no questions asked.
Photoshop in the concrete has the correct N-P-K levels for growing a soil-less sunflower that germinated literally inside a rock.
I loved getting killed by a live grenade dropped at another players foot!
While you had sex, he mastered the Paint.
You seem fun.
Yeah because that fact is totally relevant to this season.
It might be confusing and overwhelming for the playerbase
Really, so, every hero's journey starts with a farm boy, who lives with his uncle, finding a magical object, which was set to his town/planet by a princess?
Earth population: 7.5 Billion Flat Earthers: Thousands Works for me.
Well really the baby should be two days old by then, you'll be *fine*....
It took me about 1-2 hours restarting from last checkpoint to get 14.5.
Spoilers!
Thanks captain buzzkill...
If only there were other parties out there that might give better representation... All well, the stuff of dreams I guess
Free speech on an open forum!
did you just assume his gender?
Or a state like Pennsylvania, which he can only lose if it's rigged.
You freaking white supremacist!
Nah, the Queen just comes over and says "Sup yo" and goes back to the UK.
Well if you don't share traditional values like harsh sentences you're clearly an immigrant, who just wants the law to go easy on your law breaking kin
I will stay here , best sub
This joke fails because black people don't work.
Clearly it's a figment of their imagination.
But suicide is a sin!
Not sure if
Sounds like a pretty reliable source to me.
Looking forward to Warner Bros cutting her out of the movie completely.
[adjusts glasses] Erm, you guys, numbers like that probably aren't even sustainable.
Noooo that couldn't be it.
Power Rangers too
Great, lets just apply this logic to rape victims too while we are at it...
Yeah but it's all action condensed in 18 minutes!
Or I can have my phone in my pocket and walk around the house listening to music with my wired earphones !
Was looking for this comment, was as happy as expected
Yup haven't you heard of the plague
but dude, the food was bad, the weather was shit, they felt unsafe outside, the players were ill, intel was leaked, its not their fault :'(
Psheri22, 352 Titan
Maybe they'll have a better home field advantage in Vegas
Maybe, god damn hipsters.
Ah, the old Texas switch.
The legal system never fails.. Except all those false rape accusations, those are a big deal!
If you have an iPhone text your mom, dad, best friend, whoever it may be that "hey I'm going riding and I'm sharing my location with you" and then enable location sharing so they can see where you are at if something bad does happen.
Have you tried re-flashing OOS?
What did you expect, it's Popular Mechanics, not Rooted in Reality Mechanics.
Just like what they did with Red Dead Redemption 1
With all these bans happening, I'm sure they'll probably ban you so you can try out what it's like to be banned in this game.
We should have a subreddit for yellowstar trophies like the one for doublelift...oh wait
Harbaugh is a shit recruiter confirmed.
She's probably dating Mediterranean (lesser) whites, when she should be dating Northern European (greater) whites.
If ive learned anything from porn, its that assertion ALWAYS works
Finally, someone is talking about the *real* issues!
class fantasy
Let's just use imdb message boards
TKB showing why he should be an AB
Now, now I believe the term is African American flash
check mate, athiests!
Yeah, the left is the one having trouble controlling its fringe.
Apparently blizzard research also suggests that RNG elements support a viable competitive scene where skill matters and motivates people to play better
yeah the Amazon search is definitely never wrong and will never return matches that has no relevance to what you are looking for ever
You know... the painting Loli says she's going to paint a "cold, dark and very gentle place, so it might make a home for someone someday" you know what that means... player made houses babyyyy
I'm sure Clinton/Trump 2016 will totally fix that
The sooner I can accept that this season is basically give Jason $250k the easier it is....
That seems to be said every year there isn't a Luck or Winston type talent.
Yeah, we're gonna need to keep that guy too....
should be
Lou "sixth meme of the year" Williams
Oooooooo... I think I vaguely remember that
Could be right outside of Regina.
Not sure if
Nothing beside remains, round the decay of that colossal wreck...
I'm going to shorten my usual request for a citation validating your assertion: Liar
But there is no logical progression.
More that - he would neither have the tools nor the ability nor the interest to *stop* it before it started.
CPUs don't "get worse", it's equivalent to the 6600k and won't bottleneck the 1080(not sure about ti)
Well this is awkward...
I got banned despite never commenting in the_donald.
He's wrong but he's right.
It has a 7.1/10 on imdb I think they just hated the movie and didn't want to work too hard explaining why.
I see they use the holy plastic bucket of water.
Turns out selling books by being a partisan hack is more profitable than actually serving your country.
is anyone really surprised that the guy who ran his campaign on lies and BS actually lied to the voters about his intentions..
Dick Cheney was unusually ruthless as a VP.
Speculation: My Butt May Also Be Joining The Marvel Cinematic Universe
Having 25% of teams not playing for 3 weeks is bad business.
That's the Pope.
That family hit the gene lottery.
They are so stupid it's fucking scary.
r/programmerhumor
Man, so is Trump and that worked out pretty well for him.
Bit of a miss not having a separate thread for people to bitch about the election, Reddit's already an unusable salt mine as it is.
I think it would be interesting to see what percentage of operating revenues at a typical Canadian university are allocated to academic staff salaries, and compare that to U of M. Although I should say... while that would be interesting, we should bear in mind that this strike is not about salaries.
Here's a theory: the sister location is connected to the houses from fnaf 4; ennard found a way out through there
This all takes the news of clintons health nicely.
Water is for poor people.
most of those kids at the end dont even look old enough to vote?
His father was a teacher so if he was barely educated he had a negligent father.
That code is interesting, and apparently unenforced as there are MANY unmarked police vehicles on the Georgia roads.
Good luck
Only if you're bad looking
Really enjoy these type of videos.
He already is, 69 car
Well, Brandon Marshall pushes off on every single play soooooo.... We're even?
I think it's more of bait than cringe imo
Bribes are the only debts a grifter will actually pay.
Don't be stupid... women, voting?
As a razorback fan who's team plays in the SECwest, I know your pain fam.
No.
I am curious for this one.
And Hillary's no fly zone over Syria will ensure peace and no war
Single hottest pic I've seen in a while and she gets spooked!
Another cold, cold link
Yup, not to mention CryTek laying off all those employees that now work for CIG.
7.1 ;)
Most of what I said was in a jokingly fashion (also implying i joke all the damn time).
what
Literally it looks like one of the kids while spinning is gonna round house kick the other
Actually.. It looks like a throttle cable that was replaced and is just way too long and wasn't trimmed.
I'd rather come.
They're talking about him being a Granpa at 41 which isn't uncommon in the undesirables in the UK.
Because adding pedophile worshiping members of the Islamic terrorist ideology... is a sure way to solve any problem!
You should probably start reading the FAQ first.
What I was thinking the whole thread.
It was already thoroughly international in 2013.
Growing up in Alaska blade eagles are our sea gulls and Ravens are our pigeons.
This is a good thing, means the game won't have the biggest problem that BO3 had and people might actually play properly
I have seen every ad ever made and I can confirm this has never been done before.
only
Yeah, the official streams typically limit it to US only, I was referring to unofficial (and technically illegal but don't tell NBC) streams.
......
No, no, it's *definitely* the car's fault.
Quid du saucisson ?
Trump should just counter with: "I can easily lose weight, but Hillary can never get rid of that horrible personality and those negative traits."
Works for me in pvp, in between rounds and after the match.
I was at a Sox game being an obnoxious drunk.
To cunt Cuntar Cunto Cuntas Cunta Cuntamos Cuntan
Who would you pull in as a backup?
that wasnt his fault, afaik the production was a shitshow, Keanu was gonna be a side character, then they rewrote the whole thing so he would be the hero
I don't know how it all went down, obviously, but if she was technically alive but brain dead or something of the sort and just on life support until the end wouldn't that have her being "stable" I really don't know.
They were put in after I installed the service, and I don't have a key for the lock.
I lost it in the war you jerk.
Tumblr blog
Made me say 'eew'
Coney island makes an alcopop root beer.
Is it........
I'll be trying it out today, if it works out.. I'm not sure if I'll be happy that it works or mad that I haven't known about it until now
rank 21 can be achieved in less than 60 hours
Dont worry, I will ;)
Amazing, now if only they can throw in an instructional book on when and how to drink water
Thinking of starting him over Kelce, am I crazy?
The problem is, at least at the resorts around here the require one, is it actually doesn't do anything meaning to I still any terrain park sense
Maybe in case you have a history of stealing phone kiosk phones.
SpaceLy
Omg amiibo, I forgot about them.
to* jk
Yeah, I'm sure his MOM was making sure to limit herself based on who owned the intellectual property rights
Sorry ^sorry ^^I'm sorry^^^sorry
For a party which scorns politically correct culture, Republicans are still not advanced enough to not have their delicate sensibilities hurt by rap music.
Max Re(y)bo
1) Finish at least in play offs 2) Give Lowe and Hughes new contracts ASAP 3) Embarass Forest 4) Keep up the shit posting
Not anywhere in particular, people are just reading the part that says "that's five ones" and its messing with their head so they are misreading "1111" as "11111" because they are thinking there must be five 1's
They transform for literally 1 second,how is it weird.
I want to know what she said...
No obviously
Welcome to the Northern Hemisphere
Much more intelligent way to say what I was attempting to.
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT
U fockin WOT m8?
He aimed for the tiny pixel that's your foot visible under the shield.
Santa?
I think you can disable DOF in the launcher settings
Glad to see it's running optimally.. Take note devs!
Now is this a sequel or prequel to Fool's Gold?
Yea but that's actual music, not this rap crap
Candy gnomes lives matter
awesome, I added you and I'm coming online now :)
I like how 50% of the comments im seeing on this sub imply people bought this for the same reason I did: Mass Effect Sim
Open your eyes dude
TFW this was taken out of context.
It's so you can caress it as you check your order status.
I saw the version with the Dorito like a year ago
Ummm I'm a straight girl and I have a crush on her She kinda just does that
There's a big difference between Hillary Clinton, and someone like Jill Stein.
Like I said it has worked great in the US, just ask the graduates of private schools about getting jobs
WHY I WANNA DOWNVOTE YOUR ASS TO WOOD V SO YOU AT LEAST HAVE A RANKING.
The history of KANGZ of course
No
Because she was giving an opinion not facts.
I agree with you, and then maybe put the points required to 3 ?
Which one is that?
Knox.
It's not *really* magic when it's explained, then it's, sadly, just a mutation that lets you do x
unworthy thor is fun to use for me so i would say he's worth it since hes a SL solo at T2 but only if you have all your must-have T2s done already.
Playing starters for 3 quarters certainly helps!
There's really only a need to shower just after bed if that's the case.
That actually makes sense to me
I'm seeing garrison on the show, and his characteristics seem to bear no resemblance to Trump IRL
Then it's "you asked me to move it, so there you go, asshole"
She was page three
gotcha fam
Volgens mij is er een ongetapte bron aan stemmers voor de 50+ partij, ik 21 en voor een of andere reden ook altijd 50+
Around $150k+
Leggo my eggo, fgt.
Anything happening up in Bangor?
Yeah, by end game specs is so useless it's like he's blind.
Preferential upgrade: Closet annihilator module, wood detector.
Carrier
Yeah the increased swing and build speed makes me think we'll see many more turtling torbs now instead of battle torbs.
I think you might mistook the latin *homo* ('human') for the greek *homo* ('the same') ;-)
I don't think so, the gum wall is much larger I think
If you are not a heterosexual male with millions of dollars in disposable income, stay the fuck away from Dubai
Nah, definitely the count.
Glad black people have an ally in progressives
MAKE SKYRIM GREAT AGAIN
Well, wars do seem to drive up oil prices, so there's certainly that element.
Does it matter if both definitions fit?
Hell ye wer da best
Although I severaly despise Ga'ran, as she was literally a tyrannical ruler of a country, something which Americans severally frowns upon (I was Piratically Yelling in my head "Sic Semper Evello Mortem Tyrannis" when she was having her breakdown), IMHO Dalhia is worse
Yea, $7999 would be a great price!
How do they police that?
No you are retardedly good;)
Monaco
Right, I forgot it's Israel which starts every war by sending thousands of rockets at civilians.
It's like fantasy is mostly a crap shoot or something
Oh I thought it was around the same as the Hawaiians, I knew it was later but I thought it was close, good to know, thanks.
And all day and all night everything he sees is just blue
They left Saddam in power after the Gulf War specifically to avoid the power vacuum that developed after we overthrew him and purged anyone in the Baath party the 2nd time.
Bernie/Kanye 2020
No one, we're tanking
Rewind is good, but not really necessary if you have a black hole.
Were these "terrorists" cultivated by the state, as is common in the US, in order to capture them later?
There's lots of 'tards out there living really kick ass lives.
Put him on the beer and cheese diet
People like to treat Kpop like a charity when they ask for concerts in their random nowhere town...
Source?
Leave Brian out of this.
It all went downhill after Microsoft marketed the game instead of Apple
yeah that's what I see them labeled as in Canada too.
Even the hair is perfect!
Heyyy.. that wedding party had it coming!
something I put together.
Faster RAM tends to improve minimum framerate in games.
b-but speaking out is divisive!
well according to the title he's heard of it so that's good enough for me
I'm worried about getting killed by criminal or addict all my life.
Life lesson right there.
I meant the MR rating of syndicate guns
Chemistry Master AB and make him have ALL the offensive chemistries!
Same.
Yeah, Todd McFarlane knows a thing or two about art direction.
Just wait till Spencer Hawes comes in
Apple, Google, Microsoft are literally fleeing from Ireland to Hungary at the moment.
I dont mind the club the current, younger fans are pricks
How do you stand with that heavy neckbeard weighing you down?
But we need something that gets us re-elected in 5 years!
I will take either one of the Shanahanahanahanans to replace Fisher...
Try not looking like such a fucking narc
Dude looks like a real life caricature.
Still a better story than an arrow to the knee.
They get to pick in my city.
r/holdmyfries
He only has 2 games before his MOV is out of packs, doubtful he'll pull 5 assists before then.
Well no one asked for it soooo
C9 tier one LUL ^^^
Why, are you out of toilet paper?
It's a shame, really, Reggae is so good.
He said the i-word!
She suffered $20,000,000 of damages... from a (not completely filled) bucket of chicken?
what a brilliant thought from nate silver
I'm... not sure Loki would really care for that kind of thing... Not with a lowly human anyway.
Honestly the clapping is pretty cringey
they fucked up the meter, too many syllables
yes, you can do this through their website or though their mobile app.
Sounds like something they would say if they had invented it as a hoax
I prefer Italian burrito, but to each his own.
Because no one could possibly prefer apple products unless they're a sheep
Guys it's cheesy corn bread
At least it got me out of Mein Kampfort zone
Twice a year ... so still pretty much like Brady/Manning was
If this was real, we'd be talking about theories like Governor Tarkin secretly working with the rebels because of that shot where he's talking to Leia
Dia needs more love
Google Chrome
Dont worry, the low hp rolls are typically offset by an unreasonable high dexterity roll.
That's because you aren't reading the federalist papers.
please see doctor if your dick is hard like that for more than 4 hours.
Sometimes you just gotta settle.
Please don't put me through that!
normie
THE LEAFS SAVIOUS AND ~~SECOND~~THIRD COMING OF JESUS, AUSTON "LITERALLY BETTER THAN MCJESUS" MATTHEWS!
When is a penny not a penny?
I was thinking 490 yeah... With a much longer reload and lower DPM of course to compensate.
Thank you!
But I came here for an argument!
It's my understanding that Spam is basically just the inside of a hotdog in a different shape.
If only that poor Russian's girl's family could hear his muffled potato screams before they died one by one, killed by rotting potato fumes :(
I hope your couch is comfortable =(
Cool Hwip..
He's probably talking about the psychological damage that can follow after excessive use of weed for a long period of time.
Yeah, if someone throws a rock or lights a campfire, you *gotta* kill 'em.
Damn, you must know everyone
Because polls have proven themselves so well lately
Well it sure is lucky that Americans realized that is who they were voting for...
it was concise, I thought
BUT BUT BUT HE DIDNT FIX EVERYTHING EVER
Now can we call him a nazi?
Man it sure is shitty that there is a cold going around
Nvm fam these are fire
I don't know, personally I feel like he's just missing the
Absolutely beautiful
and sometimes your opponent needs bad luck haha
Campi Rom
Oh shit, that is a good reason to not expect it I guess
This is 2016, they're called African Americans now
No, Sweden is disappointment, he didn't even blow up both sides planes going over their territory nor did they get any of that sweet, sweet nazi gold
Yep they are going to crush us.
Honest question: What is it supposed to look like to a clean mind?
Right, wouldn't they just haul in pallets of astroturf?
Yes boy x) He moved with his family soon after :(
There was a another manshow?
Yes that would be great adding you too
Rule 1.
You forgot buccaneers great Brad Johnson
If history has taught me anything, it's that you can make any story you want about it at this point.
You can use accessibility settings to remap them.
Nah man Tyus Stones is the best PG on the team
You should be allowed to believe whatever non-sense you want without losing your job.
I'll wait for Rolling Stone to pick up this story to get the truth.
Is it possible to data mine and find out?
All the better to teargas and water cannon the Natives with *rolleyes*
Shit I better get over there and swim around the coral and touch shit before it's gone
Have an upvote
or i can do 13 hours with pheromone and then sell it to get the money back
Krzysztof Kieslowski too.
Well there is a difference
Yeah but did you know LVG had more points at this stage last year?
But climate change is a myth started by China
OP, don't li**e**, that's just a ninja cat teaching his apprentice.
2613 Final season 6-4-0 2774 placement rank
Could be good for a cool comic meme
I'd prefer not to meet any of your freaks in person, thankyouverymuch.
One in a million... players hack
Of course not
buy ghetto urban real estate, teardown house for the land, farm
Grab a TFW, they'll fix it
F; RIP 1.9 Helmet
I'm new to OOP (learning Java) but wouldn't it be best to override the `setWidth()` method in your subclass so that it handles this behavior properly?
Everyone knows monks don't do damage
Someone needs to put the Knight Rider theme song under this video.
That's my fetish, knowing you'll struggle to satisfy all off your odd enjoyments.
She has to stand up for her man!
Oh.... I get it...
wow 8/10 face 7/10 torso 1/2 legs
He mentions that these are to be taken in aggregate, not individual instances.
Yeah, after the big reveal at the end, the scene where he helps the little girl is so much creepier
Nah I'm pretty sure it only plays ports
Gee, I wonder why that sounds so familiar?
Not like there was ever a choice.
So the conspiracy was all these years in the making!
Happy holidays Larry , your the best.
Lol, yes should have included
hey sean have my babies
LPT: When lending a marker always lend it with the cap on, so it doesn't come back at a later point all dried up. 
Get a T-Rex and start chomping on things :)
AL GORE WAS RIGHT!
He's egyptian
Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos
Personally downvoted for his username
So you bought a 15 litter bottle of Pepsi?
She really looks like she is just having a hard time walking down the runway.
Thanks for your feedback!
Obviously only the words straight from Don's mouth cause he would never lie.
Yeah - any other info on this new x34?
Would love to see Tucker interview her.
They were obviously a friend of Anne's.
He hit a bad patch of form but fuck me he has turned it around hasn't he?
We had a recent president ignore daily security briefings, and nothing bad came from that.
Yeah man, trash talking your own team when they're people you don't know personally, through a medium that does not convey inflection and connotation is generally a great idea.
I heard he's russian!
Yes the fans are why we can't get a good QB.
Because *real* players only use the Gnasher.
That's why we need those damn tariffs !
all good fam happy new years haha
Its not perfect, the timer changes, what an amateur.
Leave her, hit the gym and move on man.
he can only do so much when he's just a 18 year old who is gonna get spammed with hate for the next month...
It's funny, cause when I joined the MRM I thought I was hopping on the misogyny rape apology train and then I find out that many prominent MRAs are female and I had to reconsider joining this patriarchy instead of creating my own, all-male one.
I'm pretty sure they already got a support by the time vander was released.
I agree, we should have the military go door to door interviewing every citizen and asking their view on trump, and shoot them if they support him, its the american thing to do
how about private server worlds so everyone can have their own worlds
I'm gonna report this shitpost to r/Bee_irl
Bought and paid for by Russia, of course.
Idk man the music that plays when you steal that car says otherwise
Can I ask why you are no longer a follower?
Sit down to get rid of Thorn DoT
Yes the Arabs in the picture are getting off at the concentration camp stop.
I know, we should just be happy she at least plopped him in front of a screen this time instead of letting him scream in his crib in the dark.
The most important thing is player safety
Dont they know only the voters can decide appointments in the year of elections?
I really like the fact I can hear everything in this gif, which makes the most sense to post it.
You should check out Middle Class Gangster, they are pretty dope
haha sure bud
Yeah sounds great!
I hope they add infected dog kill streaks to multiplayer like in the amazing Call of Dog: Dogging Warfare.
Why tho
Looks like a giant moth
Thats why you take the deck of cards and use it as a blunt weapon.
extremely long pubes to cover my shame
Anal?
Not another globalist.
I believe this is what unemployment looks like.
I must say I am terribly shocked!
Well, not offend any HUMANS.
This is why murder should be legal.
What a fruitful offer!
How much
Since someone posted that 3 weeks ago or something, I am sure some diligent CIG artist is already tracing right over it for an ursa rover commercial
Um I think you dropped this:
You are absolutely the FIRST person to suggest this.
But they still don't get the 72 virgins or pearly gates, right?
Just need to play Ramsey more because he's been crucial to the team this season.
Like I said, pretend-journalists.
hack there computer and put a message on their screen.
Because the media totally chases the truth and not sales.
No, it is not possible to remotely send a signal to turn on a train without bitcoin.
Well the were the bestest tanks ever built... What did you expect?
Come on, if it isn't pop-up, gameplay blocking directives with HUD markers and glowing paths, how are we supposed to figure out where to go?
No you would need double that to even get it to start
Not my quarterback!
Because they need a better Pacer.
Trump won because special snowflake liberals hurt my feelings
Where do I get one ?
10 fathoms deeper!
I do have a 6 inch Glock if you guys want a picture and I do mean the Glock 17L model.
I wanna say
Why did we ever get rid of Gruden again?
u wont get ur emblem
Wow, *SUPER SICK* mixup
Yes, I'd recognize that ass anywhere.
Yes, everyone knows people with celiac are all shriveled corpse-like beings.
Living off da guberment!
YOU HAD ONE JOB
No lasthit LUL
According to Hicks, race is a social construct.
Jibteks
I want to try it, but you're missing the code!
Bullshit
I'm really liking Kimi this season more than ever.
All basketball fans are alchoholics
wow spoilers my dude.
I need to make this into a poster and put it up during my phonebanks!
Yeah cause fuck you for trying to get where you're going
Hey they're just exploding, nowhere near as bad as a slight bend come on!
In defence of this trailer, it'd be pretty hard to cut a passable trailer from that shitfest of a movie.
These look incredible, great job !
September 10, 11 AM PDT
you forgot the
Cleary GabeN hates you, isn't it obvious?
Yeah, and while we're at it, why don't we put a head tax on those Chinamen, too?
How dare you appropriate Japanese culture
Having a meaning in life is for lazy poor people who just don't want to pull up their bootstraps and go into le STEM.
Non-flair checks out
I've heard Tencent in working on it right now
So we'd be safe?
I think you forgot the
the south will rise again!
And we know you aren't allowed to see something for the first time on a different site.
Yup, deploying the Army and Army Air Corps to stop asking coal miners in West Virginia was totally justified
A lot of stuff in the military is for the weak: doctors, medicine, sleep, food, blankets, rain gear, cold weather gear, etc... All that stuff is for pussies.
Everybody knows Trump is crooked, no need to repeat it...
Yes, because Month/Day/Year makes much more sense than Day/Month/Year
(((((
Thank God they won't have to waste that money on education, bridge repairs, or fire response.
Buy the Arcane Skill Effect Pack
Suuuuuurrrrreeee it is
They should add kiosks for the trials gear and maybe just to piss people off make it so the only way to get shaders and the sparrow from a kiosk is from one they put in the lighthouse.
I'm representing in New Hampshire!
Hilarious
Omg we lost 1-0 to a last minute goal we r the most shit team ever
Im down by 43 and my opponent has DJ, I have Deangelo and Pit K. Do I win?
Yeah but it's boring if everything is balanced!
Almost as funny as you not mentioning the s on hilarry
Save The Chins!
Because it's cookie dough and Americans are all fatties of course, so they need cookie dough wherever they go.
I only do arena quests solo.
I never sacrifice form for ego gains
But is he streaming with Ray?
WOW, din't see that coming.
You forgot
Not surrendering is cyber kidnapping.
Gee, never seen this before!
We just got pseudo-Storm and Affinity on two cards, so why not?
You forgot your
Yeah fuck him for dying
I think you forgot your
Nah dude, normal people totally freak out and call people retarded when asked simple questions to back their claims
Totally gives you the right to film him
Man made climate change rumors are lies straight from the pit of hell.
This is the face of someone who hasn't played Lockstep Lockdown or Copycats
jw
No better way to be a role model than to adapt an unhealthy lifestyle.
I think you answered your own question there: they have an opportunity to push their racist agendas during a difficult time for the state
You mean to tell me that this didn't really happen?
No they aren't, guns are evil monsters that kill children
i'd expect much less.
So happy I dropped him around Week 2 as we thought Rawls was coming back to carry the load..
#LIBERALS WILL BE OUTRAGED BY THIS (THEY WONT!!!!)
Are you insinuating that xXx: State of the Union wasn't a masterpiece of cinema?
Excuse me, did you just assume his race?
Don't go asking for sources, all America does all day is think of new ways to be horrible so this is something they'd do
Now replace every decoration with signs.
So does that mean we have a claim on the island?
Wtf did you say about me?
Only 90s kids will remember
:( Maybe you'll get one today/tomorrow sometime!
or that 750p crisp high res display that makes my nexus 6p 1440p display obsolete
Effect of banter from VES now clearly showing on RIC!
We don't need to risk creating any Knights Radiant on the Republican side...
You know me.. showing up to school early so I can go crayfishing.
It's true that when my wife miscarried, I didn't feel that was my son at all
I know there a thread for this, but should I drop Matt Ryan for Fitzpatrick?
That is homophobic
TIL The Aztecs were Native Americans.
It's ok though because she's actually a thousand years old.
Could be why he's out of the top 100
Yes NASA is rich.
MAN I PUT THAT PUSSY ON THE CHAINWAAAAAAX.
That police car just wanted some fun, don't judge him too harshly.
They should make an SKT Lee skin for Blank and an SKT Zyra skin for Wolf
Zelda?
Yeah just lie to her, women are too fragile to handle the truth.
come on, this guy is a pussy cat, lets not loose sight of the fact steven is the most dangerous person to ever set foot in a wisconsin courtroom
It turned my shorts to the cold and damp
Now console player can have the PC experience!
There's nothing that gets me more excited than doing a food shop in a massive Tesco.
Meth, not even once.
I dig it
Get hate symbols out of this sub
Barry Bee Benson pollinates not only plants but humans as well, so...
Please tell me you dropped this
Because it's not gaslighting if a manager does it!
Downtown isn't that bad.
Clinton was definitely going to drone the Ecuadorian embassy in the middle of London.
For some reason the update didn't add sms support for me.
Wait, I thought Al Gore invented the Internet...
Nintendo releases firmware update for Splatoon that allows users to use KBM on the WiiU for that extra competitive edge.
That's the first time I've heard someone say, "maybe it's Trump that's normal!"
No, they're not being the gender *I* think they should be
True, maybe one day in the far away future we'll get launch day patches that fix these kinds of things thanks to beta feedback
I got gold elims bro what are you trying to say?
The private sector is doing a remarkable job already fixing global warming!
Now I started to dislike you, why kill the innocent arsonist?
Pai aparent nu era o problema, din moment ce copiii lor "au gasit" femei cu care se se casatoreasca fara sa fie incest.
Everyone is the enemy!
...Yeah, right.
I'm sure Bill loved her too.
Insane year from him
It's not a bug, it's a feature.
I'll always be 12.
Single people... sex... does not compute.
Its all speculation, they've been saying that for the past year
Slow roll
What.
But forget about all that for the Supreme Court, right Marco?
Rodney Dangerfield
D's warehouse?
Lol, the average viewing age for any given cable news network is 60+... Not what I call prime hipster age.
More than just the flash, it was clearly bleeding so the shock wave must have played a part, if not the bullet itself.
Pence would
Has a great touch for such a tall player.
Yeah im just gonna do the bar and the norco tomorrow to help with the sleep from my addy comedown from tonight.
yeah, the squad is going to be very similar next season, i can realistically see us only adding 2-3 players next summer, plus some youngsters.
imitating your response and adding a silly word
What's RayWilliamJohnson doing on the left?
Please don't make me flashback to that night :(
Up until the moment they teabag....
Actual combat experience that will make her more thoughtful about starting up stupid wars that we shouldn't be paying for.
This title is false
MOV the type of dude who looks like he slay mad puss but would rather watch hentai.
The other capital cities are staying the fuck away from Nashville
uuuhhh please no, payload is the worst part of overwatch.
Man lands on moon.
Girls normally fall for me when they see me or first meet me but then lose all interest so there must be something really wrong with me, perhaps is my innability to take action when they give me hints fuck this thread.
Why?
Now we wait till ice barrage is f2p
Peyton's pre-snap.
Ice cold DGAF.
Should be noted the Harlem Hellfighters were sent to fight along the French because the US troops didn't want to fight alongside them, and didn't want to put white American troops under foreign commanders.
Didn't he write a story for the Slipspace novel?
u/theguyfromio
yeah i have 4000 hours on my csgo sens so want a 1:1 conversion for what is 1.68 400dpi
Neat
Nice repost
vampires
The fen of flatulence lies beyond the bog of eternal stench...
Saw I believe the same at Best Buy for the same price plus tax!
Hold my Appletini and watch this!
Someone feels left out
It's also dishwasher safe.
Color me surprised!
Good job!
Hey it might be out by the time he is 15!
O, positive you must be - yoda
All of that and Conor still defends first against Nate Diaz.
Shane trying his hardest to stay relevant (although admittedly the Ball Smashers thing at the end made me chuckle)
OP is using internet explorer again.
why do you not have access to your own bios?
Son Lux- Alternate World
So what we are saying is that it's not a great album, except the bits which are?
`SYSTEM ERROR 5` "Are you fucking kiding me?"
Hopefully the US (and many other countries to a certain extent including my own) will just stop this oligarchy bullshit
so i shouldn't watch it lol?
Yes... I pulled TJ McDonald
Jesus Christ, this is 'the super delegates haven't voted yet, Bernie can still be the nominee' all over again
Tesla's own cell design, shaped specifically for use in their packs.
Hoo-as
Yeah, maybe we just implement some sort of poll test where only smart people can vote.
Imagine if someone did this on a road?
Putin does not have a beastiality fetish.
You're missing a big meme kiddo
That sub was compromised long ago... it's now become little more than a gauge of which narratives the DNC establishment want promoted the most at any given time.
Tweet Elon Musk saying you were about to buy another Tesla while in your Tesla but the browser in your Tesla wouldn't let you so you now doubt the utility of a second Tesla
Well Queen B is great all but wait till you hear where Trump's going to send Chachi.
FeelsBadMan
You could always get the job of shooting heroin
^Why ^is ^the ^girl ^afraid ^^Hint ^^Hint
at least the bombs don't have humans strapped to them, that makes it better!
Our winning dissability But more seriously: * Strength and conditioning staff * Coaching/Play-calling * CB play
Not from uf promo, very rare though
You don't need a license if it's solely for playing consoles on.
Now silence them
Thats...interesting
Will ensure passage of legislation to secure he earns way more for the rest of his life
I didn't either, but thankfully there's a file photo of the Rowdies' logo, because why not?
That explains why it was the most believable chair I've seen on film...
That is a hilarious fetish, but I have seen it before on furry porn sites.
Welcome to r/Eagles
Thanks for the safe space, I didn't want to get triggered.
That doesn't happen to be a movie called 'Home Alone,' does it?
Sponsored by the Clinton Foundation.
The youtube video is relevant at 29 seconds in
rip.
I'm sure the statistics on whether or not a lady shits during childbirth are 100% accurate
h o t l i n e d e l p h i n o
Milwaukee!
I had to order sake (which I don't usually drink) to get the taste out.
With such a lovely name like "Mung" it's hard to know where we went wrong.
You can swipe anywhere but the notification section :) that will unlock the phone without swiping away the notifications
I contribute to the max every time it resets and I still only get 1 notification per day
Bitcoin is the currency of criminals.
Someone said "Patty Spivot is Zoom"
they wont be able to enforce it as long as its on different computers
This is a really high quality gif.
I mean, if they try and leave as fast as they can, then I'm fine with it
People still look at the front page?
Don't forget to not vaccinate your kids!
For some reason they look like yellow powerbait nuggets to me.
Sorry.
You need to get out more.
You get an upvote merely because I want this written on my t-shirt, it's pretty funny.
Jokers daughter.. kill it with fire
You should really be surface taxiing at a 3-5ft hover and an air taxi is whatever is needed to get you where you're going UNDER 100ft/60kts.
1 year of firmware code for low latency network cards and 5 years of video game industry experience.
Stop trying to interfere with our elections, you damned socialist.
All refs hate Wislon, didn't you know?
I'd like a Javelin.
Nice one dude
it's in Lake Victoria so there's no tides or huge currents to worry about, i assume they'd get storms and choppy water but they're not going to get massive pumping surf that wipes the island out.
Ps4 is still locked out of our games if we bought it digitally.
Hold on, isn't that a sarcastic picture taking the piss?
Safety wire...must be an A&amp;P
Nah man, I want that bastard kicked out with Senzaemon reinstated as headmaster.
Most terrorism in the US is already committed by radical christians/white supremacists/neo nazis
Very few people know the lore.
I did 4 years overseas defending your right to say something back, which I feel pretty confident assuming you wouldn't say anything back.
it's not common for parents to laugh at children watching their favorite things on TV if the parents personally recognize it as a sport, either :P
Yeah killing 194 years of droughts and building some of the best baseball team in the modern era is totally not a reason to get in, you're right.
Wc lvl?
Oh fuuuuuck
Why does this division hate each other so much
Yeah bitch, he told you... Lol
people just want the war to stop
Like all those CNN stories people would post on Facebook
NC Trump polls say what?
Oh ***FUCK YOU***
Well, at least it'll be easy to avoid MIL's demands, since she'll make them about the wrong kid!
If you aren't mad enough at the media about how they lied to you to look all this up yourself, remain ignorant.
C&amp;L Era in a blue/navy CW
Just finished the Peanuts Christmas Special, bring it on Charlie Brown!
*peace oot
get the 480 4gb version the 960 is too weak for the price in the new sea of gpu's
Yeah ik, forgot my
Idk about you but i just played a few games and the Q speed seems to be normal now, its not sluggish as it was few days ago.
Man, that's racist!
I had the garage in my stilt house dedicated to bikes, now they're all in the clubhouse and it's really quite nice.
Only white men can be stupid
But it wrote 2010 instead of 2016, so there's effort put in that post
We need domination
Perhaps but both systems are in place to prevent mob rule.
Don't be a douche.
These is the moderate opposition our government loves to promote abroad... Be they obscure sexual deviant artists in Russia or head chopping Islamic radicals in Syria, our government will go out of their way to prop up the most fringe elements of foreign opposition in order to spread its influence abroad.
No enough freedom detected in your answer, turn in your flight suit cadet.
Yeah, because that would have been the worst thing ever...
Why anyone other than the two cities involved are watching this is beyond me.
That one's worth it for the Rich Evans News Updates though.
Mmmmmm.... my first bbq
nty
I think I've got a crush :)
Her husband is probably the pats fan and she just likes winners
had my computer off for a few days decided to play some games, launched game clients nothing was updated because pc was off
here, you dropped this...
Glad to help!
Don't post any CNN stuff if you live in Germany
Keep them simple and use the same one as often as possible.
Let me guess, the house the Monarch grew up in in Venture Bros?
Dat Zerath tho.
seriously cringe
So we'll get legal marijuana in Maricopa county but no where else
but if you 'gangsta' an airsoft gun, then you can crank your hopup and shoot around corners
Sigh, it's 2016.
Pussy fart.
Is it an App that ask if you had your flu shot
You like that you fucking retard?
Only person that understood.
Nah, we vandy's big bro
F
ib4 v2 reps sell for 500
what smoke?
Can I also have the source code for Windows?
SJWs are such pussies with their safe spaces but I'm gonna vote for a fascist because they hurt my feelings!
Except when it's absolutely not.
Maybe this question is redundant, but why?
But my liberal professors told me not to use wikipedia?
As a problem wildlife specialist who dealt mostly with trapping coyotes... I beg to differ.
Thank fuck that they never made the anniversary update mandatory
Varies quite a large amount, so while you're totally right for things like CoD which are minimum $90 (This years it's $130 if you get the remaster edition) But most other titles are around $70 if you get them from places like K-Mart and not Gamestop.
(46,296)
I'd put Dak at 8.
I don't think that's avoidable.
Finally something we can all agree on!
Something only you know.
Nu Wa ADC, Sun Wukong Support, and my personal favourite, Ratatoskr Solo.
Shocking, comments disabled on this article.
Good Morning Vietnam is in my top 25 all-time, love that movie.
well kinda, hes on the playtest team.
Instead of just saying fire the coaches I think it's more important to offer a good replacement as well: Here's my picks: Kris Richard, former secondary coach of the seahawks now the defensive coordinator of the seahawks Dean Pees, Current Ravens defensive coordinator George Edwards DC Vikings
I expected something insulting or a bad attempt at so, but this is awesome.
I guess using a sheep to bribe the playerbase for votes is the best use of a farm animal.
This vacuum will suck the corruption right out of your carpet!
He's become a very good dribbler since coming to the Clippers.
#Thugdokla
Needs more /n to achieve maximum Shatner.
No the thc crystals might evaporate!
Sorry, got my mountain ranges mixed up.
Just in case someone wasnt around in the early days of the interwebs, the italics is shorthand for
We're not advanced enough to even begin to understand, much less, *know* that.
Assurdo, che schifo.
Well at least he doesn't have emails issues....
Just annoying a rein is worth so much tactically.
Or think things out
DID THEY SEND ME DAUGHTERS WHEN I ASKED FOR SONS?
He's also implying that because she has sex with other people for money that makes his actions justified.
This will lead to mature, intelligent conversation.
From the thumbnail, it looks like an embryo.
and you don't even have time to do the press conference
Did you drop this?
Was it crazy wayne?
And I'm fuckin hungry.
Yeah but then you'd have to buy ardbeg 10.
Might be a good source of revenue for the city, lol.
Again?
I bet you spend more money on hair products then you did on the yeezys
look how well that worked.
Yeah absolutely if there's one person whose facial expressions aren't talked about enough it's Becky
Cool pictures, but take this L for wearing UFC hood and a UFC hat.
yeah china is too
I understand and I doubt that any big donors are really behind it, I was just giving him the benefit of the doubt.
You mean there are other modes?
How can she tell the good ones from the bad ones?
Southerners... I do wonder how you cope sometimes.
Damn this is some next level shit to think about right now
no, we all hate trump, and in fact, this sub is ironic...........
Klay, Q3, 1/23/15.
Implying DO's match into surgery ;-)
hence the
How "back in the day" are we talking?
Best thing they've done since Operation Wildfire
I
Most US chocolate is indeed that bad
Can't you just take the batteries out?
O ya ok he took pic he good
Dota and Warcraft are rip offs of pong
Pedo grandma detected
Yea, especially that storyline thing... time for something less... LINEAR!
Is NFL aware that a yuge WALL will be up by then
At least he learned to play guitar and got to sell his music to Universal Studios for the Curious George soundtrack...
nah bro climate change is a chinese hoax
What are world politics?
Invaderzz Started It
Switch conference on 1/13 or 13/1 BotW footage on 12/1 or 1/12 There's gotta be a deeper meaning somewhere
Can't we just ask Russia to get it for us?
Yeah because conservatives are completely innocent and only use the most respectful tone of rhetoric....
Its to prevent double dipping since they are obviously op when scaled unlike poison/ignite.
What are you talking about, it's completely normal to go over to strangers houses and lie in their beds and think about how it smells.
Because Laban was an early antagonist in the story.
I want to do this so much.
Why NSFW?
Everything went to a guy who scanned him first.
but its not a political issue in the first place
O.K.
all of the above some streets is more human than dog
What a steal!
NBATV Canada has Court Surfing but it's only alright.
Mayweather doesn't
I don't got any other games than ROBLOX and Toontown Rewritten.
But i got that molly and them xans
yea, the parallels of the two are TOTALLY different, I mean, they happen on different days!
Shhh, don't ruin it
Iiii want in on this!
Not to mention all those people she assassinated
Still won't be able to see everything in your logistic network
When an enemy is on the ground, get next to them and the game will prompt you to push X.
But, but, they should've objected sooner and gone to the meetings, now it's too late!
it is actually
Alt-left code word for pedo-orgy
I see what youre saying.
Me getting Nail in the Coffin for a lone capture would be the most boring highlight ever.
gg ez.
Holy shit, OP where in the world are you?
Those just show their economic anxiety.
Yup sell now, because homes will be worthless in a year!
I also have something similar, every time I hear footsteps or when my mum walks into the room, I instinctively tries to cover up the game I was playing, pretending to read something instead, even though theres no harm in her knowing that I was playing videogames when she came in - I already finished school and is waiting for results.
Do you have any picture examples so I get a feel for how provative you are talking?
If it quacks like a duck...
You must be some sort of unicorn or freak of nature!
Isnt that song about JFK's daughter?
You mean like bread?
those damn patriots bandwagoning high schoolers wouldnt
We all know there is only America!
It's a legitimate word and it's a great thing to have drive, but cunts like this guy keep making us associate it with douchiness.
oh yeah because it was dead obvious which team was bigger when the game just started
Yeah, and it ruined the movie for me when he takes off and flies at the end of that fight
The one that's shaped like \\_____v_____/ near the bridge
what if it's just a liter of vodka in a gigantic glass bottle
Nu, boss, mie imi merge si intr-un browser in care nu's logat pe feisbuci Incearca un proxy/vpn?
Nice
To be fair, he just said she doesn't need to worry about it, not that he wasn't going to send messages.
Should have rolled for another 5.
What an injustice
Stolen items aren't lost forever, they end up in the evidence chest, which you can loot and steal your stolen stuff back.
Thanks for the suggestion
There's nothing metal about a midwife doing their job.
If it's only ten more steps why don't you do it?
Morrigan from dragon age.
Gabe Newell
Macar avem consolarea ca astia 2 infecti n-o sa ajunga prim-ministri.
probably google BnS gold and buy them from market
I like your butt
Dope
he doesnt talk about tsm in worry of leaking too much information.
Yeah but he only had like 15 snaps
Prioritize, dude..
Forgot
But they have 5 cones out so it is cool.
He's drunk, so he gets a pass.
yeah also was lazy to writte malazan and I did read the books in english wich made me even more lost, was hard reading serious stuff (not the basic stuff from school).
Is the word "seriously" hard to spell?
Oh I am **so** glad.
Yea, I wish Tanner Glass was in the line-up to stop hits like this
Because making life changes in the direction you want isn't worth the sacrifice...
You thalmor scum are idiots.
Off topic but your "Monitor" totally rekt my ranger and striker in ToDes today :(
How am I supposed to get there when there's a wall though?
Yea because you prep all those ways to get into a place before you even know that's the final location
Yes but he pulled the "birther" issue on a non-white president cause of the color of his skin so that makes him racist.
Yeah and shotguns weren't OP aswell and we just should have forced defenders to long range fights across the whole map.. why are people so stupid and never tell those things to Ubisoft before they do nerfs?
I hate the be the person that bitches about not getting free shit, but i just don't like the whole thing of them saying all these people are getting free stuff in chat but then it seems the whole xbox community gets nothing.
I'm sure it's the vaccines and GMOs, though.
MERRY CHRISTMAS, HERE'S A CONFIRMED NEW GAME FOR YA!!
That was the most athletic derp i've ever seen
RRRREEEEEEE
pfft I can do this shit with my foot
YOU BETRAY US!
You mean a boner?
if they just said it was a wyvern there was no problem to begin with ;_;
Remember the scene from Psych where Gus finds out he's dressed exactly like a store mannequin?
Someone correct me if I'm wrong but: Normal up to 60-80 Green up to 50-60 Blue up to 40
What I don't get about these things - Why do some people complain about getting the __wrong__ well-intentioned holiday greeting.
Because the world revolves around the US
Yes on two of the 5 trim levels, if I remember correctly.
Well, heroines should be illegal too, did you see how bad that Ghostbusters movie was?
He didn't call her an uppity n[.....], so it's obviously not a racist comment, just political hyperbole.
Yeah... nothing wrong president's private security violating constitutional rights of citizens...
American lives are the only lives that matter.
as long as you are on the right side of history you can make up as much bullshit as possible
Looks sorta like a bad Photoshop edit lol.
I like that answer :)
I'll give u $500
If a filthy Model 3 peasant tries to make conversation with me about my Model S, I shall backhand him.
Andiamo a comandare
The driver and/or passenger weren't black.
That explains all the Trick2G and Nightblu3 plays all over the frontpage
Yeah, fuckin retard!
WOW those are some high percentages.
Nah, he can stay, sorry if you can't stand the truth, go back to watching cartoons.
Yeah but canelo takes the tough fights he doesn't need to.
Exactly isn't he smarter then the intelligence community why would he need to be briefed.
Yea, you can search for videos within the app itself or look for videos in the official YouTube app and share it to this app to open as a floating window
Hey now, I AM an author!
I wonder if the kid's (Cindy) problems can be solved if she is legally adopted by a Singaporean couple and she gets citizenship through her adoptive parents.
We are in worldnews man, where everyone believes we are perpetually on the brink of catastrophe.
But Sen'Jin is already a basic card
NotLikeThis
He's way better than Arachne and hes still very playable.
It would be nice if these types of materials were bind to guild, so those that can't use them could at least give them to the crafters in the guild and it could benefit multiple players without impacting the economy.
My local one has shakes, although they're a little too expensive for what you get
rule 4
Con tutta la coca che hanno in corpo va bene se non camminano sulle acque
Forgot the
worth it
Dude, you simply shave when you are young with a receding hairline.
HAVEN'T YOU HEARD YES IT DOES BECAUSE BASTION TAKES NO SKILL
This report is based on the taxes they are paying on alcohol sales, not overall profits and expenses.
That wasn't the main point of it, but that's all everyone took out of it.
Always look for the outcome in which everyone benefits.
How very fucking racist of you !
Of course the Patriots cheat again...
Sure, he needs to take ownership of being abused.
And yet with absolutely zero evidence against hillary and the clinton foundation, it somehow "raises questions and cast shadows"
Yeah, lynching is at an all time high.
Sounds like somebody's palace chase got denied...
mmm... not sure about that *cream* soda though with UR AN-ium and umm .... yeah ...
Mine too!
There's one in the Mob of the Dead cell
I will attempt this.
He's a pro mercher
git gud
Make it a monkey aswell and I'll give you a million dollars.
GTA 3 to Vice City was an year, Vice to San Andereas was 2.
You can preload it tonight!
Yeah the old trick with an background that looks broken...
...
I agree, we can trust politicians to do the right thing when it comes to taking care of people!
You're right they didn't make a game at all
literally unplayable 0/10
If it was "webbrat105" would you check me out?
Tipic romanesc
I'm not saying the perk isn't useful, just that it's not exotic worthy in its current state.
If not they can just overdose a few kids and they'll soon shut it down
Yeah but he still might have enough time to crochet a rape blanket or a getaway sweater.
Well that didn't change the meaning or intent at all.
How about streetcars instead of bus service?
I'm such a bad person, I use the deep net for my email, please don't judge me
Hey Ohio is no team to sneeze at
He can look for other sites, buy from amazon, make his own pdf, nothing's stopping OP and I didn't know I could only promote this book once
If Reem can bring back his old hair style, I need to see Luke rock the bowl cut again
I have seen more than a few homeless in NYC with rabbits.
But ... but... how will Hillary take her Parkinson's medicine?
It's even worse for those who mutter their passwords when entering them.
Gendo did Third Impact
And so it was.
NA dmg = EU silver one :]
Or the wife of President Buchanan, Rufus King.
Don't worry, Pace will draft some solid replacements...
Obviously she was bought off by big pharma.
But God will sort it all out in the next life!
right, which is why straight camp works so well for gay people
Ya know, cause reality isn't already doing that.
yes, there is no use in looking at reality and facts, it destroys the contact high from the propaganda and lies
Because recognizing that we are sinners totally makes us feel better.
If you weren't such a sexist jerk, you would believe it.
no fuck you your opinion is wrong and you are wrong
The hearing for that is after the election; December 16th of this year.
This is from April
It's just satire.
Because I need the latest, slimmest device with an Apple logo?
But that's unpatriotic!
But Hillary had some meetings with some of the Clinton Foundation donors, so they're both the same!
Where does Dellin Betances rank?
Where's the turkey?
Dumbledore and Harry both saw the same thing in the Mirror of Erised
No that's pink guy
Snagged up the 8 inch boots with thinsulate.
Yeah, but, like, complaining is more fun that actually doing anything productive.
Oh well that makes it alright then.
Anyone who says "You will never convince me" must have all the right answers.
My favorite.
No, that the feminazis goal
Ok buddy... I guess you are the master theory crafter and know everything
But he is sticking it to the man, man!
There is no reason for developers to optimize their games anymore because of modern GPU being able to compensate it.
I preordered the sunglasses DLC.
Ok thanks for the heads up
I think you forgot the
Like a true Christian...
Surprise, the vagina is just a big padlock for the basket of babies we hide within
I love those funky old Memorex cases.
Sorry, didn't realize I had to include the
American middle schoolers are probably not capable to use these kind of difficult words.
Probably just like the, if not more, insane roller coaster and bombshells they've put on us this month.
How else you think mod ash paid woox the ten k
Jangan masuk campur hal orang islam
There's definitely no seeking consent then moving forward
Don't worry, I'm sure the rest of you're store will keep up with your efforts!
Not only is there nothing of value, it's illegal, so you should get all your information from us (CNN)
It's a ploy to sell more boots!
because praying to God has helped literally nobody, proven by all these people still believing
Yeah, totally nothing wrong with bullying people with the threat of meritless litigation
Snyder plz
Take your upvote and get out of here with your using logic and stuff...that shit doesn't fly around here
just another liberal shill!
If *only* we'd had single-payer, then none of this would be happening!
Yeah sure everyone is coerced and scared for their life
Why even send kids to school why not just give them a job and they can learn as they go?
Reported for fullscreen hacks
It's gold bro.
Who is Kyle Schwarber?
I always thought Bastion's, "beep boop," was actually, "bweep bwoop."
Real happy to see that even reddit's headlines are taking on the clickbait format....
Oh no, how will we go on
In that case, what percentage of profit from each Marvel film goes to the critics' pockets?
MLS defending.
Read the damn sidebar
So the timing of this legislation, passed at an emergency session after the election, is pure happenstance?
Legacy's there for a reason
Or you could accept and fight for her ability to control her own body, and not create a very liberal definition of life in order to promote your viewpoint.
I met her when young she was exceptional then, wonderful.
Southern Strategy
I mean he always looks pretty ghoulish so it's hard for me to tell the difference.
#dicksoutforanokuu
10 FEET HIGHER
But only america are allowed have bases!
Which was worse CGI, Monster Krieger or N64 Superman?
I still have some of the potions you got
I was one sexy mother fucking corpse though, eh?
Sasha is actually a mature professional.
Despite a lot of fuck ups this season has been great.
I should 6 star him ya.
I'm 30 and 25 is a kid to me.
You seemed confused because you claimed i ruined the city that was ruined by the left
How awkward it would be if the guy didn't run, and instead just gave the "zombie" a thousand-yard stare until the door closed again.
The raw video clearly shows a man yelling 'Allah Akbar'
well.. he's wearing a bandanna AND he's shirtless... He probably had it coming
Okay well that system is not upheld at all these days.
I'm sure nobody passing by will get it.
Of course there's delay, there's no such thing as 0ms
John Madden
That SSD is overpriced as hell.
But feels!
Who also lost 4 of his fingers.
**sends gorrilla suit via giant cannon*
It was braily funny anyway
Judging by most male writers, it seems it'd be a shock to find out we aren't always thinking about how our boobs feel.
that makes no fucking sense
Dude I love Shrek is what I'd say
Um... What?
Meh my 5500 deductible keeps me from going lol
Nice fish!
With the 5 fps thing, this guy probably at the boarder with the unranked elo or even less in Bronze, this where mostly people have wooden PCs and the loading screen takes for ever, in addition to the speaking different languages, even in Gold almost everyone speaks English unless they are premades.
The Bane "RRRRREEEELOOAAD!"
If they beat all of those yeah I would be surprised, but it does look more doable after the last two weeks than I thought originally
Sorry, the linked article only speaks about allegations, I didn't know evidence had been released as I don't make a habit of reading the mirror.
Looking at your username idk how I could have come to any other conclusion lol my bad
I just don't enjoy how I am treated for being short.
Yeah because racist idiots are capable of critical thinking
If they say dps is all that matters, change to reaper and say the same, then you can at least still heal yourself and they can't complain!
Somehow he turned that trash ass "Timmy Turner" song into a hit, but then again I swear people will listen to anything these days.
Heavy drinking.
He's a recovered alcoholic who thinks that his experience is universal rather than the exception.
OH SHIIEEEEEET
Nice pixel phone.
...So, can I join you and help blow them up?
That's just weak.
That's cool a zoo was named after Lincoln Park.
I'm saying he's not entirely to blame since Kyrie has been given easy and open looks so far.
Actually, more like 75-85 percent because you know they have the shitty "confession" memes
Above the urinal: Hear I stand, pants soaked in brown Trusted a fart, and it let me down
Flair up
Which is why the Kremlin is helping his campaign.
No, it will never exist as long as communism means a stateless society.
Maybe I'm just in a bubble since I live in a red state and don't know many liberals.
Too bad her insurance only covers 16 cars woweee!
He knew what he was doing!
Ya but he ain't broke when his appendix bursts.
Her getaway dash is excellent.
Tool has a new album?
Ullr does not need a nerf, yes he can do insane dmg but hitting a majority of his abilities is harder than most gods, i think you are saying this bc you have learned the god well and can hit his combo easily, but you are not a majority of the community
Tried, still bi
Interested in forest green?
I'll bring popcorn!
m'oob is easier to pronounce
definitely agreed, although Cap was ultimately a good person even tho he was a huge dick
And at 12, a rather nasty bathroom break from the hourly breakfasts.
Yeah it's more like pussyweiner.
'member when hallucination had to be researched!
Looked at the truck and thought it was.
cheaper
THE
I'm sure deep down inside everyone else knew too.
Dude deserved it.
what the fuck even is this shit meme use whole words
Obama was the most effective liberal President since LBJ.
ARH-WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
By hope
The coverage gets better when DC is in the lineup, but it could be better.
I think you mean "fatal fire fucking".
How would a Hanzo/Genji/Bastion main know if it's boring when that team comp couldn't happen with them on the team, and the meta doesn't make too much of an impact on ranks where those players exist?
1883's are *not* made in the USA and are inferior to the American made boots.
Bad link..
Phyllis's wedding.
I don't know, I don't have BF1, but sometimes I experience some stutter in CSGO.
What are those?
Are kids allowed to be on their phones in class these days?
Just passed 2 years 3 days ago so who knows
Bet he is one of the people that played it once on normal and never touched it again
CLG losing to two wildcards would kill me plz no
If you still have them I can be on right away
He's also might be wrapped up in this on one side or another already, and if he isn't it could be well worth his time to become a part of it in the future; so I doubt we'll be hearing much from him until most of this is over.
OP is implying he left Overwatch to go outside, nice try.
I see a map of North America, Central America, and South America.
AC gives no fucks.
Prince of Persia style!
Just finished watching on animehaven and wewwhhhhh fuck i'm glad i actually finished the show, Really picked up in the last 3 episodes.
Kalos League was an inside job.
Plus its tax deductible as a business expense
I would be totally happy with slight numberchanges to the top and semi-worst heroes and slight alterations for the worst.
Bullet time Funny you say that, The Matrix was actually heavily influenced by the original GitS :D
Rolling papers
You're right, I've put physically in braces now.
Should we tell him?
And its been in effect for 16 years
Is there a way to look using the actual image of the paintseed
Hispanics are getting duped by the dishonest media, but uneducated whites are seeing through the lies.
Kanye is reportedly under "psychiatric evaluation" after having to be handcuffed and taken to a hospital in LA.
Let me win, but if I cannot let me be brace in the attempt
Can't whitelist a host-file unless you tell me which adservers... fuck it, I'll just read the comments.
The red button will be an app on his phone, ready to go.
I saw this on Total Recall (the good one).
Endorsements from Tom Brady and Coach.
wow the butthurt from some people is unreal
Also, snow shouldn't be capitalized.
GNNNNNNNMHMGNIIIIIIIIDAFFU..
I think it was free for Java users while it was under development
I should probably give it another listen.
wish I could give you more than 1
OOC: TIL 1 ship= fleet.
Sigma Phi Epsilon at Dartmouth if anyone wondered like I did.
Just don't come by boat or our government will imprison you and you'll be permanently banned from the country.
Yeah the / I put in the title didn't show up once the page refreshed sadly :-/
Posted every thread lol
Well, the canadian immigration site crashed as the first swing state votes were coming in... What a fine wednesday morning to wake up to
You were taking him literally, not seriously.
The ducks gonna be dead from global warming soon
Now if the GOP could only show that any of that was happening... The only people who buy that bullshit narrative are those who couldn't give a shit about facts.
Oh, what the card could of been..... ^great ^job ^btw
You are a pirate!
so if theyre of the same caliber then you need to leave personal stat-lines and look at what those stats produced.
Top no hesitation
Ah ok thanks
How very tolerant of you
Rip post
Well they *are* the ones who have the guns.
booooo
It's called professional deformation.
Wow, what is wrong with some people in this thread
Mai ca ai putea sa crezi ca omul zboara la economy class ca regula.
Anyone.
Nono let's call them stupid and just dismiss their concerns because that worked out very well for USA and UK
Same, I really go now is when I come back to visit mom.
I can't believe they were that excited about Trump winning
(it isn't)
It's a lovely song.
Beer is like 4% alcohol and around 90% water, the alcohol would have zero affect.
now thats taking it for the team
Hes the UndeadOP
Stalled planes fall out of the sky by definition, a stalled prop on the other hand leaves that plane in your example able to glide for over a dozen miles and land just fine almost anywhere.
Lol yes!
you could have been a hacker!
nature is sorta taking care of the problem for us.
Are you freaking kidding me dude I LOVE reposts.
Savage.
How Trump said the wrong date accidently.
Reported.
Its classic.
Upset about saving energy, go you!
Implying he hasn't explained why he hasn't released them?
He prob would have kicked the PAT into the stands
Then how are you speaking english
But he invented the Internet.
Catching the Boston Bomber
Yeah I'm sure he brought his satellite connection so he could upload it from 30m underground...
Thanks for a good answer
it wasn't an option i am only going for vanilla maps
Waterboard warden at GITMO?
Yeah i hate people that like to have fun
Yup, everyone get your pitchforks ready, Russia is definitely going to attack us!
I mean, if his driving career doesn't put him in...
Goddamn, those rats dems really **ARE** willing to go to any lenght to shame good ol' Donald!
And my axe!
Pretty sure OP meant 100Mb
just imagine when he can press the pedals to 100%!
Why do you think you're test is so important.
Five millennia
Rip op, will be more in debt than America
To be fair Eifert was supposed to be doing that years ago
They absorb CO2, which in turn, doesnt add to the greenhouse effect, slowing climate change.
Wow, just looked at some of the passenger mission payouts ... Who wouldn't want to go 32K Ly for 7mil, amirite guys?
serves me right for forgetting my
I'll jack while I vote.
Great contribution to the discussion!
Best comment ever
I read the whole thing... it really doesn't give that much of an explanation of how thorough it'll be.
... and work with European governments (just like Facebook) to "tackle the problem of racist comments on the migration crisis" ... Europe's gonne be fine guys!
He forgot the
add me, MONEYPRINCE
It's only weird from an armchair.
We just need to move on for the health of the nation.
Trumps presidency is derailing before it even gets started.
Don't we all hate fair wages, worker's rights and job security.
I agree and I know this is serious but... Directions unclear, dick stuck in gun.
maybe she was walking on a sidewalk when someone copied her illegal, but lightly punished, previous actions?
Okay put Oklahoma in at 4th seed, for America!
having headphones on for that was great, thanks...
She knows your character is carnist scum and therefore won't even look at you!
Kevin's not a name, it's a diagnosis
Oh, I couldn't be bothered to think about the picture for longer than 2 seconds haha.
Did she have an accent maybe?
Wow thank you for answering the question so everyone can have an easier time catching crabrawler
beware of usb extension cards or front panel I/O
Relocate to buffalo
It isn't as if his vote is somehow the deciding factor.
It also hides the dirt pretty well until you look down the side mirrors and notice the car is a nice shade of pollen yellow or dusty brown.
Never seen that before
Of course both consoles sold more than PC, but going by platform I can't imagine PC being outsold in a team based first person shooter
Seriously, go away.
How about Danny DeKeyser?
Asian men are misogynist and barbaric.
Also they need to know who to talk to at what specific hour and how loud to yell for our manager about false advertising.
Yeah, cause everytime you sell your ps4 you lose your downloaded games
Because nothing screws over the evil, godless, millionaire executives running a multinational corporation like laying off one of thousands of hourly-paid, part-time baristas trying to pay for their college textbooks by making shitty coffee for pseudo-offended pricks!
Nice try Mnight Shyamalan
For some reason the end of that made me feel like I was watching the beginning of a war.
It's the women's fault he has no friends.
You already have strong enough RBs.
yeah, was hoping someone had posted the song!
You're fired!
he still need seara for that
A thick bitch.
A REAL womyn would never post these lies created by the patriarchy!
Does Putin write all that fake news himself?
Evangelion.
Pfft we know the "why have you placed me here" look when we see it
So according to you, the killer has to go to the other side of the map and stay there until the survivor is saved, nice logic
Yeah really, so many people want to cash in on the fun but it won't be fun when they get shot/Beat up.
Funny joke, I especially liked the fact that the circumcised redneck is a transvestite.
Cannot unsee.
What type of shrimp is that near the beginning?
That's why I opted for LivestreamMoments or something like that so people wouldn't bitch about something not being a, "fail"
I mean, Hammer indirectly contributes to tail cuts by getting KOs that generally make the tail easily accessible.
In order to save democracy, we had to destroy it.
Frickin frick!
Yes because primes also zoom...
People using wind energy is less profitable than people using other kinds of energy.
Yeah, the product guys finish development and people around the globe are instantly aware of the products existence and its qualities.
Choker, stat padder, detriment to the team.
No fuck him
Message me later!
Heat
Nooooo, if he had a lvl 30 queen like he's supposed to at th10, he would have 3 starred it.
Wait do you really think that this is suspicious ?
You a chick in her 20s?
Even that is better than failed neighbourhoods in Europe.
Can't wait until we privatize water and our parks.
Yea, we really showed them!
do it
He's just like us!
Yeah and Roma in Italy is their spawn point.
It was on draft.
Ya for real that is not exciting at all
Idk man, maybe just *one* more
Not currently and I don't think there ever will be any it's all instant and we have conveyor belts akready.
or suck it up and let people play what they want
Everyone does less damage s2 overall
Its not their problem its our problem.
yeah, right, installing year-old drivers will help
O rly?
I hate everything about your life choices, but goddamnit I respect you.
k ms eat one banana every day
I've actually got a nice timeshare in Soon, Michigan.
B
well, apparently I have more self control than I thought was the norm.
lightning?
Saar you are only the player who perfectly fits the position,whole team will win with you.
Download [[UDID Calculator]] and get your ECID from there
What happened to hotshotgg :( \#thingshotshotggdoes
I wait a year for each text if she's marry by then I know she's a wore!
I love the way that you fire like one round and then you're like "fuck this have a nade".
So...the bride is going nuts because one of her bridesmaids/friends got hit on instead of her...Mkay....That's a keeper right there.
Step two: Call them bitches.
ESK DEE so hilarious
It's pronounced 'hibana'
CZ master race
Sorry read before
Gorgeous
Agreed, I think it looks good but the bronze came out pretty dark.
This isn't the place for sane compromise!
Sent, sorry for the delay, phone battery died lol
Gorean feminism top kek, not to far off from mistixs concept of feminism tbh
I'll drink to that
Kyle is so boho chic in her Birkenstocks
It makes him vastly more, in fact, it gives him the badge that all millennials strive to wear as proudly and visibly as they can: EDGINESS!
That's like saying garlic is only for cooking and you're misusing it if you use it to repel vampires
What a terrific idea.
Wind WOKE
You are so racist for saying this.
If not you could settle for the Netherlands
Just like the safeguards that keep a sentient cheeto from being elected.
hey I just went by there and it appears to no longer be there.
She's just big boned
What is the font you use in your UI in this video?
GOOD point.
That is a mighty fine watch good sir!
No.
If I got gears for free with my xbox I still get codes right?
Adjective noun is adjective
No, but as long as your case doesn't suck, the cables are not difficult to manage.
Your doing such a great job
Confuse drivers traveling at 50kph...... Yeah thay sounds smart
I'm all challenger on this blessed day.
Did you drop this?
But he smiled so he's gonna get knocked the fuck out!
Bunkers hate this one simple trick!
We can trash this whole thread if you want and start over XD I can post pics when I get home.
Cool you seem to know how to trade.
Nice, I've been wanting to try Wellbutrin but I take tramadol for headaches and apparently they both lower seizure threshold... I'm still willing to try it (I doubt I would have a seizure) but my current primary doctor won't prescribe it.
I see you're like myself in the fact that you have sold your soul to the company that deserves it most (EVGA).
It's not illegal until they catch you
Hmm Astra-Genk,I like it..
Definitely.
There is no straight furs, only furs that have yet to turn.
Sorry but most likely not bro
Attending less than 10% of intelligence briefing is ok, if you are as smart as Trump
Have you seen the CIO's wife?
Google maps determined this is a lie.
Yeah :/
*16th
I'm in the preview program as well, but if I load updates before a new one is released, it won't update the update list until my Xbox either turns off, or it finally decides to check for updates.
What's this mean?
This is the most truthful statement in this thread.
I have half fps in online match compared to bot match or private lobby, it's weird!
Greedy people lol
Yes, good riddance
how about Bill Murray
Fell into the abyss and received a boo for the week.
I spit the coffee I wasn't drinking everywhere.
I almost always have potatoes on the pantry for general cooking purposes and if I were to buy a bag of fires they would probably get freezer burnt before I finished the bag.
lol/ asa ii trebuie ce cauta in casa aia plina de nebuni :P
Ugh that sounds awful, why do jnmils think its ok to publicly try to guilt their children and garner support from their friends for the "poor me" circle jerk (pardon the vulgarity!)
DestreaZ, 364 Hunter
If you need to ask, you aren't allowed to know
neon is also not a dev
Found the dirty commie
At long last we can now look forward to Comcast solutions in Canada
Then why don't I just get an extention cord and charge from a different public spot
Be gone shill
But it was a Saturday!
I can't claim to have followed his career very closely before he came to Australia, but I am fairly certain he has burned down an orphanage in Argentina.
Downtown Chicago?
He should be careful with saying that, it's likely he'll loose his job before Assad because of that.
You're suck an SJW cuck for oppressing the white man with your PC bullshit
Daaaaamn
make sure to farm splicer keys off of the first brood witch you find because splicer keys are super hard to come across
Yup, that should work - it just needs a separation layer.
Proud to be pinoy
Taylor is on edge lately because he's going through a breakup
I just noticed how first releases of 2015 &amp; 2016 were Stonebank Hardcore and both made on the Best of 20xx compilations
Excuse you it was five words
Awwww poor guy!
Vic Should've been up there
Thank goodness that Mark Rosewater gets to determine what's fun in the game.
It's not on the front page right now so I should post this question.
Thank you for addressing my argument, and thank you for actually having an argument.
In the perfect timeline Cheap Trick would be visible on the outside of the backpack, but given that walls thinner than some backpacks block it I guess it'd depend on how big the backpack is.
Mods, give this man a special flair!
I don't like murder, but I still think it should be allowed because people have free will.
What is this 'summoner' they speak of and how important are they to lore?
Nice try homeland security!
Didn't know Big Sam brought Messi along to CP
Well, USC.
They just cheat that much
Arlington/Fort Worth, TX
just say he gave it a virus when he did that
But rich people work hard, while people on welfare just do it to be lazy, so really that would be an upgrade for them.
People don't even notice on time to block the charge.That shit is hilarious.
It just rolled out a week or two ago.
Brudder, you are beginning to realize why Allah (swt) chose Arabic to reveal the Qur'an to rasulullah.
The ones that get 90 rated above are top 20 then?
Didn't help Kasich.
Indeed when is ittt we must know!
At least Manuel was entertaining to watch.
Right, and our stupid hate speech laws will never be any problem.
As a gay male, why don't these things ever happen to me?
millhouse will be op in the zoo meta!
Yes, but you end up with two for a net increase of one... Math is hard.
Than*
i can't wait for another year from now when i have to pay $50 for the actual game i was promised after 2 more dlcs
But he looks so *bitchin*
r9 290 tri-x , I think it might be my ram that's causing the stutters though because after just looking around only people with 8gb get stutter and after they upgrade to 16 it just disappears
As an Odin, please no.
There's your problem, put your CPU back in your system.
We must defend Duerte against imperialists
Nope Black and White definitely came with manuals
Then you are fine.
Veterans lying about their service is common.
I don't know if they just used that part as filler but I found that part to be absolutely pointless
Ah yes, Schrodinger's immigrant: Taking all the jobs AND the unemployment benefits.
With solid evidence like that it's clearly an open and shut case!
Down voted because I hate your opinion!
France is gonna pay for that wall!
Try douching with it.
He's doing better than I thought he would but he hates Trump almost as much as Megan Kelly.
Are you complaining cause your not responsible enough?
Hey man no excuse not to in your vehicle EDC
Usare win10 quotidianamente mi rende beta tester?
LVL 30....
I wonder why he'd be offended
0-10 or 2-4(2-8) GOOD LUCK!
Well it's not exactly his fault hes had a congress that refuses to work with him for 6 years.
Gay
'just for the Apple keynote' Yeah, I doubt he would waste time and effort for a couple minutes on stage at some obscure company's event
She thick
It was a joke.
Yeah but the precious college experience.
Yeah, after all she is perfectly healthy!
Yeah, like THAT'S the logical thing to do.
My condolences...
I thought Micheal J Fox did that one?
Everything.
Owners daughters name is probably Charity
He's sad to have to lead a funeral procession
No way, they are so tolerant and give every person their proper due without judging them
I never scream OP when Grommash charges my face for 10-12 damage.
Mick wants barbie back.
Nah they invented it dude they own the patent.
Jon Ryan was on American Ninja Warrior, why do you sound surprised about his fake punt?
Fuck off and shelter them in your own home so Liz
Pass the Doutchtisc on the left hand side.
I think the bigger problem is that the stick figure is white.
Thanks Obama The real post-racial president
and it's made of real gold too
NO MAN ITS CALLED CURVESTONE AND ITS RUINING HEARTHSTONE.
You dropped this
He is an eigth black or something, right?
So you bought all available tickets since you were first right?
Get out.
I think he dropped the
Looked like his knee was down to me
tfw when someone tfw when's somebody that just tfw when'd
this is hate speech, mods remove this
just wanted to say you've been very lucky with your scrolls good sir.
It's pronounced JIF
Sweden really needs background checks on grenades.
But he said believe me!
yes, any time anyone ever "voices political views" it should be treated identical to any other time, regardless of what was said, otherwise it proves there is a problem!
HiRez stole from HiRez to make this game.... What a GA clone.
What, you didn't think questions about flying shit storms are appropriate for space travel conferences?
Can't we just enjoy our two hour lunch in peace for once.
I just dont know how someone could possible closure all over the orginal badasses.
Susano
dont tell me how to spend my money!!!
Better that McJesus at least
Cardassians suck.
10/10 creo que te aconsejaste para toda tu vida.
Why the quotes around his middle name?
The wife is snoring next to me, I'm stealth searching on my phone through TacomaWorld, making a list of extras to start saving for.
Because all muslims hate our freedom and want women to wear burkas and refuse to let us say "merry christmas" instead of "happy holidays", you terrorist sympathizer.
did anyone else think that, at a glance, the thumbnail for this thread looked like Queen's album cover for Bohemian Rhapsody?
14 seconds it is then.
Oh absolutely, I'd love her to be the Prime Minister.
Horde confirmed superior faction
Yeah man you've definitely got a nice bass on your hands- what kind of amp are you using?
How women are viewed in western culture amirite?
That's what's tripping me right now, I'm not in state of buying a sandwich right now, let alone for a new phone (if something breaks)
Who needs Front Row with every media type being handled so elegantly by iTunes?
WITH ROCK MUSIC AND WHISKEY
He just wants to return to the good old days where a wife has a mandate to sexually serve her husband.
TIL 5'9" is short
Definitely a bust just like that russell guy
Yeah, because government-run internet is *so* horrible in Longmont.
Fuck, Gelson just made me wet.
Too soon...
But they have "ministered" to poor brown people so they totally understand their struggles.
Soooo you're saying the Antichrist's arrival is closer than ever, right?
Wise words, thanks.
Lmao just get a better job?
Or tried for a guitarist and settled on a bass player
Well, it's a Ford so he's going to need one!
Well, that should help his poll numbers.
Just any key man
No no, he was lying about that and the women who describe the instances that match what he said he does are also lying!
Original the character
Had to afford D Wade some how
Honestly, the Browns are so bad we should push this agenda into local middle schools.
No doubt they would've won that game and we probably would've found a cure for AIDS but no way the Orioles would've won the World Series because the Indians are getting ALL the calls.
Greninja definitely needed that buff, he's so weak!
lol It is SMART because: SOURCE MAKE ALL RIGHT TRY
Obama looking super fresh lol
You forgot the
Oh well that settles it then
Personal hobby of mine, that's why I'm subscribed to this sub, so I can waste money while feeling like I'm saving
Well that's it then, it all seem legit.
Can wait for 8 more guard imp ganjus and vigor imp molins to add to my collection.
I find 1/0/5 or 0/1/5 to be much more common, depending on if I choose tank or support.
make sure you read their wiki
And then us Canadians would have to build a wall
I mean, it still involves the second part...
Better than 515?
Yeah, but education is commie brainwashing.
ofcourse, we aint no r/unidan sympathisers!
Oh boy, how non partisan this must be.
I can't believe nobody has mentioned this yet!
I mean yea, it was only a speculation thus far
Who's the old air bender?
But but but Rapoport is always wrong!
So glad I could help.
Glad you could bring a valid argument to the table.
But he didn't win ALL the games...this kills the coach
Probably he did not have a kid to be crown prince or s/he didn't want the crown.
nah man, his fps is obviously why he can't aim and shoot at people, don't you know that having over 60fps gives you an aimbot?
Do you have a link to the original post?
By pissed off you mean racist who are mad that minorities are being treated more fairly
I've never been perma ba_nned myself but as a streamer, I always make sure my banned viewers did something to be banned.
thought this was gonna be a call of duty video
1.5 mil currently just in MOV Eichel and MOV Segiun.
RIP legendary chances
i mean at some point there's gonna be a guy in a suit asking why 90% of a potential fanbase isn't interested in buying or streaming an album
Sort of I'm wondering if the company that owns CBPW at one point reopened Fredbear's, but either closed the place with FFP taking over after the failures, or the company kept the place open after the failures
That's not hazing, that's another Jackass movie.
Hopefully that Eevee gets a new evolution!
Kiss your mother with that mouth?
University/college setting maybe?
He wasnt in civil war... but hes a fan favorite so that makes him bigger than he is
cheeedurrr
I want everyone to shoot when open "But Coach..." "SHOOT THE FUCKING BALL."
Eternal Masters failed us there.
Bet your ass if it had been a bad week there would be a fucking shitload of "I told you so"s
One thing I wish is that the raid exotics where infuseable since a the moment all three are 3 of the most unique exotics in the game
That's pretty bad coming from Baldwin.
u shut yer hoor mouf!
we have vidal as rb, if not im sure lucho will try digne at rb
old woman ~~bites~~ _gums_ the reporter
Acceptable absence.
Every semi-prevalent black man is a rapper though, didn't you know?
And no one would answer the call
Clearly addicted to marijuana.
It's not about being a hard floodgate or not, if your deck is barely able to survive on a floodgate it just needs to die asap
The first person to clear Karna on play lobi had 2 sky orbs and log raiser with the newest units.
The league is biased against older west coast GM's.
What did the video say?
all ded
Hardly anyone on Reddit gives a fuck.
Welp, you can't argue with that logic
Ice trolls b ring is still better I believe
Yeah some random Brit playing against a nobody SMH
Down, so you don't have to look at anyone.
r/titlegore
And if only Tyrion were a little bit taller...
i put my pene in my sister i think it was the wrong hole because it felt like sandpaper and was really smelly
Bloody foreigners want to give us markets?We have our good ol english markets innit!
The first death with the radiation poisoning almost had me in tears.
You could argue that it makes a Trump presidency more likely *as opposed to voting for Hillary*, but it doesn't help Trump in an absolute sense.
And students wonder why we eat our young.
Goddamn, someone bought it just before I got to the store, sad bois ;_;
Well now maybe the can focus there attention on the real enemy , giant spiders
This isn't the nerf to shaman I was expecting...
Valid point!
He wants peace now so that he looks good in history books and the next President gets their name tainted by war.
hello its me ur gallowboob
So get off your high horse and STFU.
Prerendered
I got one, traded it for a BS Asimov with good float
I've seen Tempo Storm do it before in the exact same place (before they were TS).
Nope ragnaros doesn't either.
Throw in some tendies and we'll call it a deal.
Imagin the shitstorm if TSM and C9 got banned aswell as Fnatic and G2.. It would be kinda glorious
LOL Both of you im sorry bad cake day :'(
You said it wasn't objective, which means it's variable, which doesn't make sense.
if he bankrupted 4 out of 4 businesses that's terrible, but since he owns over 500 businesses, having a 0.8% failure rate is not bad.
Aside from baiting your team into a possible counter-gank, yep, none of the cost.
Because the EU is not a country nor is it intended to be...
Yes, it's pretty clear... Obviously his sword is behind his back and he's holding his shield in reverse.
But have you seen googles little thing they are doing today?
It's the official way to spell it (the movie isn't called Winter Soldier/Dark World or "the" Dark World/"the" Winter Soldier) - and it's also the first word of the movie so it will be capitalised anyways.
Or until I read this post
ive shot it a bunch of times but it really doesnt give 1 fuck
No, *I'm* Dirty Snoke!
Well, the story's tone is dependent on the characters.
plasma jet?
Does he actually think that Frank made it?
All these years I've been lied too and told I was the reason I couldn't type faster, if I only realized it was my keyboard I could have finished that Thesis.
Objection!
Shit they haven't been talking about for 3 e3s in a row.
Is it confirmed that anyone from Oculus will be there ?
Yes, One Piece just has the best connection between story and art to me
Happy traitor day you twats
Yeah, must mean she's anti-women's rights because she had something against the few women that had affairs with her husband.
Wait he wasn't really a Jedi?
If that includes round trip shipping then it's a good deal, otherwise it's a little steep.
I wish you had something intelligent or meaningful to say about a pic in old school cool and not be a politics dick, but we both aren't gonna get what we want are we?
And thats the end of this, clearly you need to change high schools.
His flame guard didn't protect him from this one.
it has always been a rectangle
My Graphics Card died the day of The Witcher 3's release and I had to wait 5 weeks for it to return from RMA.
in that moment when you cast your gramps will be by your side, this is an amazing gift
100% agree, remember that Blessed Blade Of The Windseeker everyone was posting in WoW, that **Rare Item** was just to rare for an item...
i cant imagine what people felt seeing this in the 1800's
Patraeus
But you would have to make the transition slowly, right?
Commonwealth of Independent States, basically ex-soviet union
Probably a hell of a lot less time then it takes the average guy to craft a personalized message to every woman who doesn't respond.
Truly Gatherer is as elegant as Vogon poetry.
No you get chocolate milk now.
Yay love it yumikaa-kun surprised quaid wasn't dense enough to devour Vern lol
So that's what those are for.
Regular guys transform into dictators sometimes.
GET OUT
Blizzard-Activision (people seem to forget that it's a subsidiary...) also owns Call of Duty, the single largest entertainment franchise on Earth.
Yea that figure was from last December
savage
Don't go from one extreme to the other
Right, because women can't handle being a tank commander, or a sniper, or, or, or...
Maybe like skins
I've tried worgen warrior lists alot but the less miracly versions have worked out alot better, druid was definetely the top contender before but as you said the combo is gone
yeah and Clinton can TOTALLY be trusted with classified info
I don't know if they've done an episode about processing potatoes, but I'm sure they wouldn't mention the bits like what we do when we find a dead rat in the line, or when a guys nose gets broken by an 800psi hose and blood gets into the product, or when we have to stack 3x5x3 pallets of 36lbs cases for half-an-hour because the WHORE PALLETIZER IS BROKEN AGAIN AND THE MECHANIC IS ON LUNCH LIKE A BASTARD, or our rigorious QA to make sure the shell crunches in just the right way and the interior is the correct air-to-potato ratio.
Derek Jeter isn't looking so good
XXXXXDDDD
Jordana Brewster
If it walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck...
In Brazil, yeah :P
Yoruichi-sama!
Good from far, far from good.
Yup, I'm an exjw too.
Oscorp will obviously have created and trained genetically altered super spiders to counteract any competitors with access to that Pym Particle knockoff
You're right, it's like the prosecuting attorney, officer *and judge* are all on the same team.
Yes, once they begin the process of releveraging.
at least I can check one fetish of my list of things I hate.
I do wonder why the media mostly chose to use his school photo in most stories instead of the mugshot... I remember a lot of people complaining when they did the same thing with Brown and Martin.
Didn't realise an ideology had to have a book to inspire people to do something
You dropped an
I would say that's mine, but mine is 40Hz
is ok bb
$400k in 8 seconds after taxes
I tell you 5 color good stuff is ALWAYS the way to go
45
True
You might be Yankee if you think Ol' Jimbo's home made golf net is some kind of weird southern symbol.
Station from X rebirth if I had to guess.
Ave, true to Caesar!
The feels!
Right on.
Just curious, what is the kind of discrimination hispanics/latinos suffer: is it when they have dark skin or is it because of their spanish-sounding names?
Holy smokes you went up 500 GPUs!
Yeah, she had it rough today.
Pete gas still talks to Shane.
Less heals but more damage, just as cancerous.
The second pic is still season 1.
What do you mean by those people?
Watch Pirates of the Silicon Valley instead
well ya.. they have that stamp on their hands
And if that is the case then everybody who has called me a noob for having an obsidian cape should be banned (I am a noob, can't do Jad) but you get my point, people shouldn't be getting banned for insults like that it's stupid.
The tribulations of the masses make no matter to those in ivory towers.
I'm not getting my hopes up but the thought of Treadwell, Patterson, and Diggs as our starters would be incredible.
ZOMG SO RACIST
Obviously they should work more and stop buying things
Thoose boxed are glitched out, they were showing even with DE They just say that you need DLC X to use/obtain them.
I'm equally impressed with tiny Singapore (~5 million people) getting 4th place.
Guys we need to ban trucks now, also we need the ability to sue the truck manufacturer for this tradgady.
Right because Europeans never bomb schools and children.
Harry Potter
Gods never die
Ideally perpendicular to the window pane
EBay for $100 shipped
Ah, the response of armchair action heroes
Awesome just let me know
I thought you meant my Steam library directory name before I remembered what my Steam name is.
Chances are it won't even be colored within the lines.
Quel momento in cui ti piace sia il calcio che pokemon go e ti senti padrone di internet
That's racist!
Because no one wants to be a pirate
You don't like Plastic Halo?
I really miss some of the BO2 scorestreaks though like the lodestar and warthog.
Get the stick out of your ass.
perhaps one of the most expensive women in hollywood was too pricey for an 8 film contract.
How about you pokemon go mind ya damn business , he's only been drawing 2 years.
Oh wow, I didn't know that using 3 legendaries greatly improve my chances in a tournament!
Score 20+ goals a season
But...but...but the liberal SJW Marxist regressive leftist cucks are going to ruin society with their pc-ness if we don't do something!
That's the only kind in my waffles
Italy is just the Mexico of Europe!
Possibly no Voll's available unless Prophecies have something to say about it.
It's never anyone's connection
You guys won't believe how confident I am this season, I never have felt this much strength in a RM squad in a very long time, all three titles perhaps?
The Matrix.
Just listen to the guy, he has the internet and obviously knows more about where you live than you do.
I, too, prefer technology from 2009
Nah man its like a super subtle hint.
There was a lot of good, and a lot of missing stuff, i feel a lot of the hate came from the missing stuff.
Woman.
That "New England" isn't England.
\#triggered
That or he just lets his son finish the job
Good thing you said 1bn instead of 1b, otherwise I would've thought it was a totally different number than billion!
It's just a prank bro
LOL!
They are made in China
Could it be the ever-so-wonderful ModerationTM that contains all the wonderful ingredients, flavors and textures you've grown to know and love?
*Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood.
I would be, but Bleach was released in the 80s and so his entire argument is completely invalidated as a result.
The arrows aren't strong enough to breach the thickness of the mutated skull.
and trying to decipher the complicated minds of girls.
Fire probably came from the AMD CPU.
GM's of the two lots I work at put a hold on buying any cars outta the Texas area auctions for the next year or so for this exact reason.
I hope not.
What do you mean?
But then un-fucked when you play the MP.
She's Romanian.
The keys aren't placed wrong, he's just being disrespectful
Ha ha ha.
0.45 * 0 = 0
i am badeed
That's exactly what his lungs look like too.
Yeah I'm looking forward to seeing him improve our side.
Well its a bit too late now, isn't it?
It's clearly because you weren't playing with a coordinated team.
He's demented.
I only Reddit on mobile so never considered that, good point
No because it lowers the skillfloor, maybe we should even add last hitting and gold in this game.
Pwsshhhh
spanish for bear
NHL Logic: "Just presented a controversial award, better put all the voting info online to show how incompetent everybody involved in the voting was"
My mistake, I thought all redditors were lonely teenage dudes
ryze garen kat
It's not cheating, she's "punching up".
Man i love Warriorstone
This was during the Instant Apps bit - she dropped the line at the end saying "By the way - this was on Kit Kat."
but but... Brady destroyed his phone.
We should keep helping them while they try to kill us.
Real Americans stop counting at the 2nd
probably just there to pick up there mis-shipped mcclanes candy orders
Damn kids these days ruining my perfect neighborhood
We were promised jetpacks, Frightened rabbit
Still not enough for summoner mode
Lol I'd assume this is
Are you shi'ite or sunni
She forgot how it ended.
That's convenient for Niantic, considering incense is available in the store.
Talento bien de aca *se pega en el corazon*.
Only the Bigger companies can afford the tax lawyers to navigate through the regulatory mess for the lowest rate.
I love listening to blaring dubstep while I watch montages.
Why should I do this when I have Mifune?
^
Who's Chica?
A fair bit works without.
Maxwell would be proud.
Oh it's broken?, let's remove throws all together.
AKSHUALLY using the term mansplaining IS a hate crime, you can't say that!
IF YOU WATCHED THE VIDEO YOU WOULD KNOW
Someone's moving house and home.
22 minutes ago somebody replied to your post on r/r6steams WHY YOU STILL HERE
Yes because white kids NEVER do shit like that
are you the tightrope guy from nathan for you?
It's not underrated enough
Whoa there, don't get a head of yourself!^^^^^yeahhhhhhhh.
Paid for by the Hillary Campaign
Well, I certainly haven't seen this before.
Everytime a cell phone is dropped, it's considered a sacrifice to Thor...
Nope, im from the good ol US of A
I like how your brain works
When I DM my rule is "below 8 int, they attack whoever is closest, 9+ they attack whoever it makes sense for them to attack given the scenario."
well you can't have the next us pres looking like that now can you?
How intolerant of them.
You just want wizards to break the reserved list and print [[underground sea]] don't you?
PWC has had an office in Des Moines for a few years, I believe between their audit and advisory services they have 40 or so employees.
One gets more one taps
pussy.
First cats, now birds?
Taking my socks off before going to bed
Meren.
She's just like one of us common folk
Bro job on a dry spell?
damn normie music
Sellout
Weeeyyyyy, good man.
b-but guns are 4 men who have tiny dicks and need to compensate!
Easily top 5, Neuer, Courtois, Hart, De Gea and Navas
Holy shit you weren't kidding!
Then why is it called a grocery STORE smh you just want all the food for yourself
You dropped this
Fah-ked
Considering that the relationship between First Nations is with the Federal Government there is nothing Brad Wall can do.
If only we had Malcolm's NBN.
Good one heh, brb with my wallet.
I really hope you dropped this
Whoa how did they get there so fast
Just go back in time to a point when it wasn't on cooldown.
It is not just "anti-Russia articles", but any legit criticism of Russia or anything that gives room to leave pro-Russian and anti-West/US/EU/NATO seeds.
Thank you for not answering the question, now I completely get your point
Yes but what about HERstory?
Suggesting smoking marijuana won't give you lung cancer because marijuana smoke is natural
Ou mesmo presidente.
Next girl that laughs at you for that false rumour, slap your dong on the table and look them deep into the eyes, they'll know what's up.
That's all you hear anyway
Easier to bleach and uses less water to flush.
TIL the NHL was founded in the 1980s.
yeh it was a reverse sweep too xD.
Haven't seen this post before....
*you'r
Thanks
What's the point of rendering highest quality pixels when the actual display just uses average quality pixels?
Well it's *human* nature, not *dog* nature, after all!
Gorssi being optimistic makes me uneasy I've grown accustom to his pessimism and it makes me think there's a gun to his head right now
It's the influence of being in a shithole 3rd word country infested with diseases and corruption like Brazil
OMG, I AM SO SURPRISED!
That he will make America great again.
I feel like the second event could be decided by a 1v1 basketball tournament
It was built as an infinite game world, but they've added some rudimentary game mechanics as an afterthought.
It's not the seas, it's Jesus's tears..
Tax breaks, power of attorney for your significant other, the social expectation that you won't be asked to earn a living wage (if you're a woman; if you're a man, oh boy you'd better have a $50K/yr full-time gig), and the freedom to run away with some random boy toy while still keeping custody of your kids and half your former spouse's property all must suck so very badly.
#Rad[ical.]
...because all of Bernie Sanders' supporters are exactly the same.
He can write a blog or start a gofundme project!
TXIV and TXV hype !
My mom's friend calls the vacuum the "electric broom"
Marketing by design... AKA good design.
I heard he's the Ice Town Clown
sorry but I find the Gamecube to be more beautiful
The right to someone's bathroom is a "basic human right," to be set alongside such enshrined pillars of human dignity as the right to make someone else bake you a cake?
Condescension in the older generations is only going to lead to death panels quicker
Might want to add that
Use the force, Chief.
Except the guy who drugged Nick Diaz, he knows what's up
I'll make sure to tell Wegend to stop bullying you
Mmmh whatcha say
Yeah with the 4 years off, he even kills hype when it comes to his injuries too.
assasinate kills while entomb doesnt which is so much stronger against things with deathrattle or against cthun if they are playing doomcaller.
yeah how hard can it be to make another frankenstein skin for him
Obviously you save the day
If the next hero isn't a ranger, I'm going to flip
Actually while some of the stuff is impossible, a lot of it is more just implausible that it could be done consistently or by anybody not in the NBA.
you're probably pro FGM too
Und das Eiserne Kreuz mit nem Stern ersetzt.
You must want people to DIE IN A FIRE with UNSAFE COMPETITORS!
I like this picture a lot but it breaks rule 7.
You forgot this
You dropped this:
A nice alternative is the ~$40 Timex Weekender Fairfield.
just not at starbucks, you don't have enough...
If you listen to the jay and silent bob get old podcast he kinda talks about his point of view which if i can remember correctly is, handle your high as long as long as its not affecting the people around you go for it, but if you cant then you gotta stop.
because intervention in Iraq Afghanistan, and Libya was so successful.
Let the science worship begin!
They do.
Let's play 2 champions in a strong team, much better support
but Bernie has momentum his favourable states are coming up he will win you will see
George Best
feeling ko nama kasi gusto ng guy ee, so tsaka d mo ba naramdaman na the way he cuddle kung clingy ba sya, kasi kung clingy sya bka gusto din nya na clingy na girl, but not so much lol
For when you want a superior German mech!
He will convince the NHL to put in six more blue lines and four trapezoids.
I'd take it for a test drive.
Oh boy do I love looking at my slideshows
You still might want to look out, there are people saying they paid with PayPal and still had large amounts of money taken from their accounts.
I bet he would not know what to do with himself if she overwhelmed him!
Is that not how you say it in Kannad?
Well, you gotta do a good job when you're getting paid by David Brock and his Correct The Record PAC.
They didn't qualify because they needed some more material for Vision
Europe is full of white people, that can't be good
Where?
The down votes are coming from Sydney siders.
My favorite part of that joke is that you could change it to literally any piece of fiction and it still works.
good luck with your old-content racist and genocidal meme.
High five for Reditting at work, our bosses would be proud.
I'm struggling so hard rn ): I have too many pounds out on front and I just need that money to pay my rent.
Papua New Guinea (They eat people)
This "red scare" is honestly only to grasp the elderly in a last stitch effort to keep the older generation somewhat important
Has anybody mentioned his voice?
That last guy alived played it like a nova would :V
A couple of reasons I presume 1) Its peoples childhood game 2) Its good, although never playing it myself,from just looking it it doesn't seem like a bad game
Great post.
Tell your mom to slow down - she's making my lazy arse look bad
All of you are uncultured swine, the obvious answer is Famous Anthony's.
this is gold
Hai and Bunny
that's why we left a plaque saying we came in peace, duh
Ah thats where the bailout money went.
No, they're obviously corporate shills and if you don't agree with that then you must be a shill as well.
I'm happy and sad to own the best and last Moto X. ;(
That's clearly the stems from the flowers
did they nerf cloud too?
:)
I bet the guy who thinks world peace is a satanic conspiracy has a lot of interesting things to say about Karl Marx...
Overrated: MTL-TOR, CHI-STL Underrated: CBJ-EDM, MIN-BOS
So if I annoyed you enough you would basically give me an item for free?
Sorry, it's true though.
That is what omegle is for
Let's all hate god more?
TIL that refusing to conform to the moral police is abuse.
Thank you :)
You know I was worried but now that Paddy says it's okay I think we can all relax.
#GoogleCookies
Well OBVIOUSLY we all lie about rape as a hobby because there's no way that a rape case could be dropped for any other reason than willful deliberate falsehood on the part of the ostensible victim, also the FBI is WRONG when it says that at most 8% of rape claims are unfounded.
Third Eye Blind - Motorcycle Drive-By The Neighborhood - Sweater Weather Boston - Rock and Roll Band Radical Face - Pound of Flesh Massive Attack - Inertia Creeps
It's honestly not nearly as bad as you think.
who gives a shit about the kids who will get zika they aren't even born yet
True, who in their right mind would start Zlatan ahead of him?
please be
Consistency and reality are just obstacles to the righteous crusade to defeat the trans
They might need him to suit up if Jose Bautista gets suspended again
You mean there aren't magical log fairies that tell ANet exactly what the cause for every crash is, complete with the line of code that needs to be fixed and what code to insert to fix it, that can tell the difference between a crash caused by the code and something the user did?
That was the lack of protein.
Yep, and it's a real shame that we don't have a Trinity that could help us all stay alive a little better in these obviously broken scenarios...
After watching clinton cash you should probably read Makers and Takers: Why conservatives work harder, feel happier, have closer families, take fewer drugs, give more generously, value honesty more, are less materialistic and envious, whine less ... and even hug their children more than liberals and Architects of Ruin: How a Gang of Radical Activists and Liberal Politicians Destroyed Trillions of Dollars in Wealth in the Pursuit of Social Justice by the author who wrote the book the film is based on
gold is the new challenger
What a nice thing to say to someone who's trying to help you
Did you not get the invite to this year's BabyQ?
The Catcher in the Rye.
DMV sent me an ID card instead of a new driver's license, so that was nice to clear up.
This is great news for us Gulf States residents.
It's that thing that the older generations should have been doing years ago.
Pc still running half submerged in water, your move consoles.
A Homo Sapien settler KKkolonialist who stole this land from the Neanderthals
I think I dropped this
Well women are only there on the arms of Bernie bros, not actually supporting Bernie so atleast they gave our Bernie Bros girls a name
I never actually saw the show... just found this bit and...yeah.
you must have an exciting life if that's what you dream about
The Office (U.S.)
Do you dare assume its gender?
i smell futuristic shit.
God man, don't you know not to use logic in a Ghostbusters thread?
TIL that Hillary Clinton runs the CIA.
I thought the answer to all "what sporty car should I buy" was Miata?
I thought you meant for abandoning her children.
Wukong Full AD Use Q to ks everything You're welcome
Oo you got him sooo good
You sound just like a virtue signalling cuck.
I like how they didn't mention the skelecog invasion.
Gotta start from 125 bpm though
Eoc
Maybe they will bundle them with the amazing linux game, Rocket League.
om g hi chugleder am large fan
CONSPIRACY On Bet365 "live group betting" it has France with 1W 1D and Albania with 1D 1L
Fashion sense, obviously.
first time i saw that question go unanswered.
I think you mean "ventAY-ing".
Water and electronics sounds like a *great* idea.
come on OP - everyone knows that 'diversity' is just code for 'kill all whites'
Yea I definitely wasn't being serious, but I have not seen any other posts about it and this was my first experience with it so I thought I should put it out for others to see.
You get cheap workers in return, and we lose our tax payers.
i did :) , got only 50 gems from the other chests (150 total)
It's definitely not to cash in on the property value... That would be taking advantage of the flock that donated their time to build it, and that wouldn't be right.
Jordan could have done it 1 on 5
Yeah, I'm sure this is about saving money.
harsh truth for most of r/Philippines, you think you know a lot of things in this world and have a moral compass above everyone else but in reality wala kayong pinagka-iba sa kina-iinisan ninyong mga tao sa fezbuk at twatter LEL
It's super problematic to expect a woman to get up and field questions that she hasn't consented to you shitlord.
Yeah honestly I think we should leave this whole "slavery" business up to the states.
Sooo... he's on the side of console?
Nice !
What's a bursh?
Far far better for them to be brought up in a traditional nuclear family where their parents hate each other's guts.
Il Duce would know what to do
Not sure if this is sarcastic
Maybe she was dieting and trying to get away from the temptation of your chips?
Don't tell me what to so!
Yeah the players definitely deserve to lose because some bonehead fans booed
Or more games=more practice=Rito NA bias
That's what the Reptilians WANT you to think.
I gotta admit, that'd be fucking awesome.
I thought he was a single issue candidate
Be the change you want to see in the world?
OMG HOW DARE A WOMAN HAVE A HIGH PITCHED VOICE KILL HER
Heyyy me too :P
Are you gloating because your power steering doesn't leak?
Has already admitted one count of sexual activity though, so at least he didn't do it twice
Exactly - you can't keep world class talent while settling for a top 4 finish and playing like shit in Champions League
Maybe gaijin will se so "kind" to let us buy premium ammo, so we all can enjoy the game without playing russians
And that's why we love Cait.
Phoenix went downhill after trading an NHL All Star, what were they thinking.
You mean all girls don't have baybees?
What a leader
Yup, DD to blazer confirmed.
Cheap, Protestant, educated Irish people.
If only TC was explicit about what came with the season pass.
I can't believe they *destroyed* our ideology in two words, the only thing more efficient is the free marketTM.
He doesn't get his history from the liberal media that seldom tells all sides of the story.
Really, I thought Android was open and allowed you to do anything
its a chicken with dietary specifications they picked to eat
Unused timeouts carry over to the next half, duh
I'm sure the realization that they closed off a market worth millions of dollars did it, but yeah, 5000 redditors probably did it
Old enough to bleed old enough to breed
WOW A NEW DRIVER!
They cannot take up college when they are 20 years or 21 years old if they career takes a huge plunge?
dialogue from his cape of course
did I say otherwise?
this is the best one Ive read so far
They sound delicious.
Whats your dps?
His cost is 4
Lmao, great bot then
More salt.
Ninety-nine scientists but Ken Ham ain't one.
Um...Is this a question or statement?
blasphemy
Probably because Sai (as in Saint Louis) comes before San.
Would you like fries with that?
Your freezer looks like an episode of epic mealtime
Your voice would actually matter and interact with him.
Lol
It's a nonprofit organisation with strong ties to the government.
And, uh... Our GoPro has dirty teeth.
Team A gives Team B player A Team B gives Team A player B
No way man, that's the richness
Nice piece of ass, your dead great grandma.
dropped your
It's reasonable for us to expect them to confiscate our guns.
And twice Peter's age?
Was vegan for health, not animal, reasons for a couple months a few years ago (BLTs brought me back), and after a blowjob, the chick told me that my "jizz tastes like candy!"
The time skip being 6-8 month is a little bit too long for my taste
Such a lovely little bundle :)
Yeah isn't the guy from that one painful rpg named Lisa?
It happened over a week ago so I figure that they will be up and running again.
How
Couldn't agree more.
They're probably right, but I'm confused as to how something said by some random guy on VGChartz, the king of inaccurate sales reporting, is in any way reliable.
on my way
Shit, I might watch the Olympics this year just to see it implode.
ya whalecome
How is it pseudo science?
Also when you get injured/or an affliction
Our values include Honesty and integrity and you can't very well ignore science and still have those values.
Thanks, that's a lot cooler than I was imagining, hopefully the bot will show up soon.
A couple weeks ago a man shot his wife just down the street from my house.
I think Nikitin is also available.
U missed
The Lunatic Tourist!
It was a joke, yeah.
Too early to figure out ~~our lineup for the season~~ who sits for Tanner Glass.
how dare I believe something Frank ocean posts himself
I think he still has 90 more years to go.
Playing in fullscreen?
E in che modo imitare Grillo non ti rende solo un nuovo Grillo?
It's 5 gold 10 silver and 10 bronzes of that team
Call the county court house and speak to the clerk.
Chickens support Colonel Sanders.
Welfare queens being a substantial problem is a myth pushed by the right to justify gutting government assistance for the poor.
Thanks for the correction
Considering the hurt that man inflicted upon the country I would too if I were Al Gore.
Brad is a dumbass
Well duh, Trump has the best genetics and wants to show the world!
that's what i've been using currently, we miss out on all the good deals in Canada...
How can I, as a police officer, shut down all these speakeasies?
9 months
Canadian here...lets hope not!
People love to hate popular things
Settlers of catan?
The fuck does 'probably try' even mean?
what Just because you dont like what i said doesnt make what i said any less true
Need to balance high end content somehow, otherwise whips world be 100k and everyone would have primordial / eternal / pegasian boots
You know this is the football where you carry it with your hands right?
Obviously, everyone knows that Vanessa prayed away the gay and became straight, and is in love with Frank.
He was played by the Russian fighter pilot.
what's the name of that mod?
This is ESPN, but Miami's announcers are probably the best in the league in terms of team announcers
I have always found it so inappropriate when watching political matters on TV, in BC, because they act like they're at a god damned soccer game!
Communist countries are republics.
Nobody cared who I was until I put this reboot on...
Just psychic man.
not funny
Grant is *really* good too.
AP Tryndamere best Tryndamere
I've been hoping somebody would mention something about her being the best wife a billion dollar company can buy or something like that
Yeh, but Jacob Haugaard delivers on his promises.
He's just salty that REGI is investing in other ESports he wants the money to be in league
In your moms basement?
Sorry, I don't see a connection.
15 walks in 63 plate appearances shows that he's at least seeing the ball well at the ML level..
Roman reigns the guy with steroids in his pecs Roman reigns the guy who needs viagra for sex.
Thanks Hillary voters!
Awesome, could you post to r/womenshredders ?
There's nothing proper about your propaganda.
But TIff is the one who doesn't act like someone in their 30's
Keyori?
You mean lineman cutters?
A Totem Golem that gives +1 Attack to itself instead of to your Tunnel Trogg
Oh yeah I forgot about /boot, I probably ignored it because either run LUKS and you can't encrypt your /boot also I have 24 gigs of ram and have never gotten close to swapping, I see no reason to throw away 48gigs of space
haha it definitely caught me off guard.
VIGs bought it all before the doors even opened at 10am.
the meme was beaten to death already
Goede oude segregatie.
I just want Jankowski to make the team so I can hear them say "What a Janky move"
Goodbye and good luck.
A
If you preordered a physical copy, the code will be inside the box.
Needs a note "bills bone is on the "intern" version of this game"
hehe
The good Lord has blessed me HALLEUAH-AHHHH!
Direct replacement to Gundogan/Mkhitaryan.
Not at all an indication of actual performance.
Yoel never guess what she named her other kids!
Hey man, at least you got a charzard!
It's pretty foolish to show up to your wedding in a tux that doesn't have the body tailored (which most rental places don't do)
The brown dog is all about the bass, no treble.
Cloudberry Kingdom.
Aw rats.
Jobvite is way better than Taleo
Trump is literally involved with union busting within his own corporation right now.
they wiped mine and said they wouldn't repair it since it was unlocked, only thing they left on it was TWRP..
The answer lies in economics, not in engineering.
Who you romantically pursue should have nothing to do with who you're romantically compatible with and find sexually attractive!
I feel so bad for parents who have to go to those things.
I don't think this is Deman's roast thread, and if it is, he doesn't deserve one.
Guess that's case closed, pack it up guys, well done.
No, he is one of the people who tried to save Bitcoin from 1MB blocks and irrelevancy.
All these kids can do the whip and nay nay, but refuse to come inside when its time to pray pray.
Well it's not like we can all get together in the middle of nowhere and decide who complains on a given day.
I'm not event fucked
One of carlos's is a phantom nuke he got from me :/
Same can be said for Dallas.
Thats a pretty thick blue line
oh i have like 4-5 pages of mlg stickers but never bothered to check the prices once it ended XD
Hell yeah congrats!
He isn't even the best of pg on his team!
A religious studies class where they teach the basics of a lot of major religions would be great, were it not for the fact that the bible would be the only thing that could be taught in class to avoid parents and students losing their shit about a Quran being in the same room as them.
As far as i remember, he had a brand of coffee as well... "1776: Patriot blend"
That still has a smell...
Edward Snowden.
This is beta is like a joke excuse at this point.
They are in love and watched euros final together
Buy all the plex, then either trash them, or undock in a JF in Jita, and go suspect!
And Heineken
A very lovely design!
If she knows what a prenuptial is, she probably thinks it's something reserved only for very wealthy folks.
Can I get real source?
I thought it was pizza(though in all fairness you can make some super healthy pizzas)
Maybe they are part of this Penta collab, just no room to put them in the visualizer
Needs banana for scale
Black women are an untapped market, especially on reddit :D I'm just a Shepard to the flock.
Even the court of owls admitted they had nothing to do with the murder
Regarding what, specifically?
Fucking Asians
If you are an MLK-kin, but you're white in this life, you're...racist?
Challenge accepted motherfuckers
Let's see you shit posters get a life.
riot isn't going to ban him if he doesn't do anything that is banworthy.
He calls himself a 'college grad' in the title.
I'm not surprised you're so fucking lazy you can't figure it out yourself.
What if it was supposed to be"LOL?"
If we can't come up with effective forms of activism other than appealing to the establishment in its own courtrooms, we're *really* in trouble.
I think we might all be confused by what you're looking for... doesn't most any high school have a track?
That sucks, they are usually really nice to me.
This could be the thing that tips the undecided working class Labour voters over to Leave.
Steak fed Conor, Four breakfast Conor, Salad Conor, Conor v Mayweather Conor
i'm still doing it, and watching as 6 elixir takes down their tower, with them never being able to get anything to the x-bow except a fireball.
Yeah all those pads and helmets are real tough!
Jeez next thing you know Cannabis will be illegal or something..
Is it possible you bought it in a citadel?
Dude, he was making a joke
You dont need a college degree to know how to shoot a black guy!
Somehow I'm guess they don't think Dildos count because you can make the same argument for those.
Stormrunner was both my favorite lego game as a kid and also my very first mini heart attack from the goddamn fucking ship with the cannon that shot you dead if you got close.
Maybe this system has two Suns?
And if you eliminate everything with seeds, all you have are stems, roots and leaves.
Your life must be so hard.
Kinda be cool if he did an album where he just produces and has features like Statik Selektah did.
They lose intensity of flavor over time, but it's not like drinking expired milk.
It's not a sim.
since they gave it no camo i am totally not excited about it also changing 2 tanks that are so different without giving a free crew reskill is cheap/moneygrab of wargaming
According to eurostat, they had 11,930 applications in the first five months of 2016.
###Well *I* didn't vote for you!
Fuck you!
#The King in the North
Omg u ruined my day :'(
That's the first thing that popped up into my head when I saw that idea too, as much as I like variation in maps, I do still prefer to keep the core mechanics in place.
cry me a river.
And by that do you mean they exclusively kill Filipinos or what?
~just as planned~, right?
I just bought apple $ 2 per kg.
Just drink beer instead.
How long/what kind?
It sounds like you probably need to call a professional, or do a lot more research.
BUT DIDN'T YOU KNOW PROMOTING OUR OWN COUNTRY FIRST IS TOTALLY LIKE HITLER AND HATEFUL
Weird, I thought we were living in 2016.
There is an artery on the right side that would be compressed by the fetus if the woman were to lie on that side.
What are the odds that we can use modding tools to disable all the stupid hero powers and just make the game into a better looking Quake 3?
Just like how almost all of California's population is centered around two major cities?
As my Western counter-parts say whenever there's a white supremacist killing rampage: "*let's wait for some more information before we jump to any conclusions*" He could still have a political motivation, in particular Muslim immigrants coming to europe, like idol, Breveik.
If the "Best and the Brightest" made it illegal, who are we to oppose them?
Because all soldiers are baby-eating rapists, obvs.
It's simple, if you can't fix everything at once why try and fix anything at all
cheers!
This comment is anti-Polish, anti-Catholic and made by communists
Lol
Yes now that would be entertainment.
No, only republicans are sexist.
It's just going to swing back.
But we already have that here
I like her just because I know shes going to be a great main villain now that she's free of all that family and sanity that was holding her back.
what about the lifetime hit of the SSD from re-scanning files multiple times mindlessly?
back out of HUT and go back in that's what I had to do.
It started when we were younger you were my....
Packages and the dream Cocytus.
Yeah, completely reasonable that simply because they're not into you, they must not be into any men at all.
we could have bought the entire newcastle team, waste of money!
What's skype?
That's because their wives weakened their family value when they turned 40.
Spinning flax
I had those "Max Memory" cards with a weird shape so these were never useful for me :(
Yes because the best posters are always massive spoilers...
I figured, that's still terrible 2 days/48 hours extra no one wants to go through
My legs tensed up
I think I *triggered* the person you replied to :)
fuck
There is no such thing as too much Rick and Morty.
Oh well, guess I have to fire up Modern Warfare 2 again
Get some 99% alcohol and clean that bitch :) just cleaned mine and it looks/feels like I just bought it!
yeah he killed an innocent gorilla just to save some kid
So what was it?
it probably took them an hour to write that tweet
Quick cash grab [](//#LUL)
~5, a primary semi-auto, a shotgun, a sniper, a revolver, and sometimes a heavy weapon/automatic gun
The truth is so offensive.
Rifts..
I remember reading an article where someone from the Trump campaign essentially said that their goal is to keep Sanders supporters angry so they're less likely to vote for Clinton, since they know that very few will actually end up voting for Trump anyways.
Still no problems on N?
I sat through the whole two hour red nose special just to see the TWD cast last night.
People shouldn't anoint him as the future, but there are a lot of reasonable people who feel he is at least a serviceable backup that won't kill the season like the guys last year.
I have some snaps too, they look great but for people with normal to large heads they fit like shit, so shallow.
Damn.
As opposed to "uncovered Muslim girls who deserved it"
Double majored in intemperative dance and liberal arts, am voting for Hillairy.
Had some free time and started trying to teach myself Xlib, so I decided to create a TinyWM implementation in Nim
All Hispanics are Mexican, didn't you know?
Nice proofs bruh
Why is Russia a Ball Centipede?
Yeah, I drank the koolaid for awhile...max level, the hard/heroic raids, shunned any naysayers, then one day I woke up and realized God this game sucks.
If firing through a closed door can be allowed to be called "self defense," why bother having a definition for murder at all?
Something something sexuality spectrum more than two not binary blablabla nonsense
You forgot your
I'm actually surprised all the athletes are still alive and seemingly not infected with zika yet.
Are Bonita fish big?
Masterbate
Those people were white tho they don't count
Which ones are coming out?
If Mahrez said Sanogo has to start every game else i'm not coming, would we take that deal... I mean Sanogo can't be that bad............
We should cover all streets in this stuff!
Pretty nice shot there
I'm sure Brietbart has a sincere concern about advancing the progressive cause in this country.
I guess you could call jazz complex, because its just random notes
Woohoo...gonna eat a can of canned spray cheese tonight!
don't go to a Jose Andres restaurant then
But armlet bear bug is ok
Yeah you both are right.
Meh, beating Condit and Okami in the same night is nothing special
can't they sue Reddit for stealing their logo
500 parasols
Isn't soaking the wall past the saturation point considered an effective measure to prevent further spread of said fire?
Please don't buy Call of Duty... Buy Dark Souls instead.
contact mods.
You mean you made out with someone while you could've been watching "Meet the Spartans"?
thats not a drawing,**idiot**
Yes but a pebble watch will last about 5 days which is a significant difference from 1-2 days.
shh, facts are useless, you can't convince me of anything because i've already made up my mind about a player/team and won't change it
okiedoke I'm online just invite me to a trade whenever you're ready
They know everything they need to know about Turkish politics from that ELI5 that got posted after the July 15 coup
They were waiting for their check from CTR to clear.
I dunno, lemme check facebook!
So was hit Dad lying and he only got 10 minutes of action?
Wow so much skill you have, doing ceossothis runs.
Hope the Ents stay out of the Iron Islands, else they'll end up being boat fodder.
FWIW I had the same impression of the article.
BAH GAHD HE HAD A FAMILY
Yes, being able to jump after a wallclimb was what was giving the top 1% of players a hard time against genji.
Like what Muslims are trying to do.
Op, get your money back.It looks nothing like you.And btw...if Sir Anthony Hopkins paints a picture of you, it's not a self portrait.
Where's your moral compass?
George Orwell fought in revolutionary Catalonia, what are you even talking about
Boy, I really miss trial-and-erroring with the stun gun to discover its range, a thing that Jensen should know instinctively
but muh 90s kid rose-tinted glasses circlejerk
Tell us how you really feel
Hitman needs a Harambe level
Just shut up isaac
The banks are "private" we must centralize them so they aren't evil.
Shame we might lose him in the expansion draft.
Will it take another 15 years to make?
Well on paper it is and it was 10 years ago but it has gone to shit
He made Hillary do all those things retroactively.
You forgot this
My best guess would be a kid stuck something in there, but they swear that didn't happen
Hey some of us need a wide angle cam for the wife.
But but... he was being sarcastic
Yeah, we can't have these kinds of opinions here, think of our safe space!
What is this
Ok you got my attention
Congrats dude, that's a real accomplishment!
Why not Zeratu second skill instead?
but but TI is the only dota event ever and its the only reason dota player out earn LoP
This is why more people should watch NASCAR.
Seems legit.
i hear SF has been looking for some OF depth...
yes, it does if you're not a pussy and know what to do
Oh yeah, Rochester sure has beautiful women.
GGG should listen to more people like you who don't play the game.
Username checks out.
Not sure they understand that states aren't winner take all
Kewl... it's like the "Bull Pit" at Chuck-E-Cheese!
Degenerate, weak, self-hating liberals with no self-identity beyond their shared hatred of all things normal.
and send some tax $$ so they can fix it
Well then clearly we will just have to give them more, and more, and more.
You droped this
This couldn't have happened Bastion sooooo OP
Yeah the first three days of the 2015 and 2016 seasons were good times.
I've survived the Molik nerf, now I need to steel myself for the pending Imperatus news...
Not here yet, so Casey Neistat
No way bro, nothing in DotA is good... such a shit game...
Unfortunately he is NOT in the tow zone..
fuk da polise
90% Amen Break.
He'll trade all the black guys he needs to to get him
*silently judges you while condescendingly posting about it*
No - the vitamin D in the sunlight prevents DXM from properly metabolizing
He's not really impaired if he's capable of capturing a raccoon.
just retract them on final
TIL, this is all Obama's fault and W was the best president ever.
They must really hate ofw money.
totally, games should only be decided by what cards are in your hand when the game starts, not what the cards do when they hit the board.
Yeah because extra rooms and objects have absolutely no impact on the performance of the game whatsoever.
but we need fewer regulations for our businesses and job creators
Bone sharks and shockers seem to be affected as well
Laser pointer dot on the ceiling and human barking dubbed over is my guess.
Fallout 4
Something something Bush did 9/11
Florida
Obviously, he'll focus on the height of strategy and skill, Hearthstone.
Yeah OK fine but I was told there'd be a circle jerk!
Explain that this was inevitable.
Are you sure it is the same 365.19 driver that he is using?
I think you might have missed a few angles.
More like " I've spent whole day thinking on how to get that sweet ass karma on reddit "
But drunks are just full of the Blood of Christ.
Naw its gonna be the dinosaur plane just you wait and see
That means it never happened, right?
You're erasing my culture by saying that the sky is blue and the sun is orange
Alright, I look forward to your imminent employment at Blizzard so you can bring us this incredible feature.
Looks like an old Gwinn Arms Bushmaster.
Cultural freedom, we gotta respect their cultural right to raise terrorists.
This might be Danica's chance
Oh, like that went so well the last time fire rained down on Tokyo.
Oh fuck you solved the lore O-O
Oyasumi Punpun
Ha ha, not as sleepless as you might think!
They are stronger than they look.
hope you missing an
Yes but GE polls 6 months out don't matter.
No reserved list reprintings so I'm not
Voodoo from MoH(2010 and Warfighter) is actually based on him.
I thought you were supposed to just run around randomly with your W on.
he might not have much value on the market He's a 3 and D player without the D
Well, if it wasn't for those brilliant CEOs, the stock prices would have tanked, so we should thank them with raises.
Why isn't Kerr on the list
I'm actually really tempted to play Ele for my Chieftan build for this change alone.
Lol bc now I'm gonna order from him and hope for abunch of extras
I guess all those other people should have made anonymous donations too, fuck Notch and all those guys, they just donated thousands of dollars for PR!
The clear way to encourage reform and secularism is isolating them and rejecting them when they are desperately in need, instead of exposing them to Western values and making them feel welcome
that's how i feel about some people
As the wii/kinect/move showed us, waving your hands around like an idiot is awesome.
What a scrub
nah everyone knows the dirty russian commies invented the metric system to try to stunt american sciences during the cold war
So you actually don't know how the app will work and figure you can pay experts to figure it out?
AFAIK Spotify development has ended on Linux.
Yea, I should really stop asking hypothetical women for there opinion.
I don't understand your point.
TBP manginas are just overly butt hurt from serving their overlord land whales.
The real surprise is that Kahne is in 7th.
we should build a wall on our southern border to keep out Californians!
W-well, the jews had it coming!
Incoming *partially* stop a CT to B push by smoking B doors from short
Why doesnt Windows use all 12GB?
garchomp and gardivoir are actually good pokemon tho i dont think you know the definition of what overrated is
You sound like such a whiny millenial, why don't you just buy a house on ten years salary at the local sawmill while simultaneously paying off two cars and a boat while raising children on a single high school educated income?
Your a cunt m8
rigged shop for sure
but dem tittay's tho!
No dildo is innocent, they are all inherently evil.
Yeah, fuck progression.
I was making a joke, my bad, I should have put a
But I need the slaves for my plantations when I play space capitalists.
Well I'm old now and I don't recover like I used to so maybe it will.
Cant sue for being brutally raped but marble dick here, he DESERVES that money
you forgot
Gavin Mahon
you forgot
You mean you don't like coming to a complete halt while chasing down a rogue to *try* and equip incendiary ammo?
That theory makes a lot of sense.
right :D
Nope, a gold player would've used the ultimate to catch irelia and olaf.
Don't bring pesky due process into this conversation, it's ruining the narrative!
Yeah, it also really sucks to also be throwing away $2400/yr on food as well, since I don't have a farm yet.
You ^shouldnt ^^have ^^^told ^^^^people ^^^^^that
Okay, lol, this is such a ridiculous rating.
Actually it's GNU **+** Linux
Well all that pixel peeping deduces that the photos are good, so they must be taken with the latest full frame doohicky, right?
Technology isn't there yet
Because we all are praising W8 now.
His father's name must be Eduardo Avant
you shut your lying mouth, everyone knows if tax levies were the source there would be 10 rent increases for the exact amount of each levy, not some annual increase that rolls in other expenses.
but how can this be, I thought we weren't in the big 4 anymore?
I'm sure they will be of high quality and perform as advertised.
now you are just spelling racecar twice!
They should have let a real dog chew on a stunt double's face
Gotta use the
I, too, am terrified by a well dressed person that spends a lot of time out of the basement.
inb4 complaint about non-standard bottom row
Yeah, they'll let in a corrupt shit hole like Romania but no way they'd let Scotland in.
Why can't the rest of the world be like AMERICA?
Elective Monarchy, Vatican City style.
Abstinence only education totally works.
Bunny hat AND massaging someones back holy crap sound the alarm!
Probably went to Memorial High.
Your opinion is wrong!
Because they're entitled to live in a SFH like those living out in Prince Rupert
sure sure
Imgur and Skyrim, it would of been kinder to get him addicted to crack
looks like she might now be at their house, she's wearing a bag with a water bottle which probably means she's just stopped in.
Vote Trump?
Well Wikipedia doesn't say anything about Hillary being the actual Antichrist, so that's one.
Because you should shut up and say thank you
Physical differences are racist.
Reported for death threat
No you need to pull a gun and shoot them in the throats
Where's the golden signature?
The Pulitzer Prize is biased, but Reddit is not.
World domination
Omg lol, someone saved this.
Should i update is there a jailbreak can i download cydia please
Yep, because we all know how fair and impartial politifact is.
If it really is compatible with my motherboard, what's the harm?
It's revenge for football starting at 10 in the morning for them
Cuttoff jeans, how European.
Make Leoric Spooky Again!
Says this just before he leaves the sport Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.......
No, no you really are crazy; things like that don't happen very often ssssshhhhhhh
Received, thanks!
So you're saying I should build some early pen on bard so I can be an intelligent support?
That's JPEG for Just Perfect,Edgy and Great!
Makarov.
I *am* confused by you thinking that, since that didn't happen.
Rufus Johnson wasn't good at LB so they're giving him reps at DE.
I'm genuinely afraid of dying without making my mark on the world.
How does one get better at writing essays, etc?
F
If they gave keys better loot you could have friends suicide on you quickly at the beginning and then you would have an advantage
Apartment living terrifies me and this is why
Glad I decided to move back home with my parents, kinda sorta
He sounds insanely drunk and Or idiotic
Hope you stream more.
It's shopped.
If it ain't broke you probably shouldn't try and fix it.
Do you think the head felt anything out in the desert, where it was buried, when he started skinning it in his kitchen at home?
That makes me feel so much better
I have a hard time buying into someone's opinion when that person buys into conspiracy theories.
Can you split your save?
Mutants were slaves in genosha.
The Office
True, I was mainly addressing the "add more things from games that came out since then" part of the parent comment.
Libertarian my ass
and if you're a dirty officer that retires as an O-5 or O-6 you can live like Scrooge McDuck.
Sounds like someone is afraid of the debates.
Balls to his friends...
Wow fuck that website and fuck u for linking such an ad filled crazy site
Baited on free PL alts?
*Welcome to bullshit world, please enjoy your visit*
Good god what a garbage, ad-riddled website.
A thousand angry, angry words.
I mean... at least she was honest and up front about it
muh peery-duh-zashuns
I played myself
I thought the 480 was $199 retail.
Who's Jimmy's Buffet?
**YES**
He was also hamstrung in Carolina by an owner that didn't want to spend money and is by many reports I have read a horrible person to deal with.
r/niceguys is leaking
hmmm weird.
If it takes 9 months to make one set, it must have taken them like 20 years to make the armor that came with launch
Hide chat then go theatre mode and there's no wasted space - the video fills the window width to the pixel.
Thank you for saying this.
FGM is such a feminist tactic
I'm actually surprised that they wated for the release to ban it and didn't ban it before.
just wait for a double points tho
He also championed Bush2.0 an utter failure.
Death star.
It'll happen for both of us, I hope
And my argument is that the tribal politics of the middle east have more responsibility than the western influences.
This guy gets it.
Scooty Puff Jr sucks!
And no one takes him seriously because he's cousins with South Korea and China who mostly everyone likes.
Chelsea is a mess.
Obviously 189 but as a brit 199 was special.
Meh, go ahead and post this in one of the other Bosa Threads, this doesn't need to be its own post.
Triple snowball Akali, the terror
Hey...can we get a little muscle over here to help this guy out!
The IMF has helped tons of countries like....umm....
You my friend, need a new paint-job.
Rhaegar :)
Well I'd definitely be the lady in the relationship, I'm not trying to deny that
Exactly
Can I get one upvote please, thanks.
Can it be fixed?
Imo hitting the 22k xp feels really fast
Finally, a thread where my wishes for a female tauren body pillow won't be chastised!
Fuck u too buddy.
The only ones who REALLY understand what's going on are those that support my beliefs.
inb4 they added half success
Yes you can adapt to global warming, it's called learning to swim That's just the way I see it
What is Magallanes then?
Besides beating the Bucs
Or one of those really soft (and small) watercolor brushes.
only weebs get insulted by it :\^)
So far these organizations did a perfect job to destroy all major Sunni cities.
no, it would require hundreds of vgs lines to be redone, they would have to get the voice actors in for one line and it wouldn't be worth their money, not to mention how it would sound completely different depending on the actor's mood
Until you run out of ammo.
Absolutes
No I meant in 3-4 years, if we get stammer it would be on a long term contract.
You monster
Latest Ubuntu mate lts runs great on the rpi 3.
You expect them to walk like common riffraff?
You know "Ceviche" is Mexican for toilet, right?
How cute, emasculating oneself as a dating strategy...
It doesn't, but it does mean women won't be able to get into the higher levels of companies which is considered bad according to this statistic (even if done so voluntarily).
not yet!
I admit, in the end.. yes
liberalism
Dude I can't find the beta on Playstation Store?
this was very informative, thanks OP
Orbiting is literally falling toward the planet and missing.
Move to a non alimony state live there a couple of years and then divorce it.
Gheb FE
So the CSP ordinarily covers as primary?
lol I did medium clues for a yew bow for temple of ikov
MAKE BYZANTIUM GREAT AGAIN
I believe the term for this is "natural consequences".
Don't upgrade quality until they are +15 or you'll be spending extra cash to repair durability that you don't need to do.
please narrate my life
So uh, what's your ebay username?
Meh... great idea for a movie, but like... meh...
Ant-Man deleted scene.
I went to high school in Bakersfield and can attest it's horrible period.
You could take those later problems and practice diagramming them.
Only white people can be racist
They think theyre doing good for the islam, its basically religion gone wrong..
Could you target the player who had your name with removal and counter spells?
Man, if only we had more gun control!
Even in winning the fights would be great, Killa and Mirx beating on Haggy, Ricky quite, but eventually cracking and then everyone is just throwing sit at each other.
Dig a tunnel?
There's nothing sexier than a girl who looks like a wax statue in the Street Fighter Museum.
So how does it feel knowing that you hounded a man so badly he felt he had no other option but to kill himself?
that was nutty af dude
Dude, we all know that Al-Jazeera is the official news outlet for the Obama administration.
It's a good time to live in England for once (I live in Essex, 5 minute walk and lots of pokestops) It's nice reading about these historical places too, (some are also plaques in my area)
Yeah after all the leftists downvote what they disagree is when "the truth" is shown.
100k car?
next step, remove all doors and drop windshield
I remembered him withdrawing his leg as soon as he came close to actually kicking it, but from the video it looks like it connected.
The error didn't stop disc burning so the process successfully completed.
Oh I'm sure we'll all just accept that and move on with our lives.
Man theyre going to rip up Kimi's new contract at this rate!
NO
Sploosh!
Yeah, gotta be optimistic about it really - he'll get his training from one of the best coaches in the world.
*[action] and upvotes [adverb emotion]*
the roaches are so good, they're half my empire now, I just gave them opposing habitability from my main race when I uplifted them
I will hopefully stop being a bitch and lose my god damn virginity.
redefining the term "white genocide" from the absurd definition they currently have to the handing over of their collective ass at the hands of the nations they try to attack
Or the overnight guard *is* the artist...
This certainly has some disturbing repercussions....
But why would a Marvel movie prevent a DC movie?
Russia invaded a sovereign country and cracked down on its media.
SS might not see the humor in that
I can believe it If only we could y'know change the drug laws to allow research into using psychadelics as adjuncts to therapy, we might be able to make some advances in mental health.
Racists gonna race.
ya lets kill all the cops and see how much better our situation will get
And enemy of writing is Americanisms.
She looks at least 18 to me.
He must be joffrey.
Even after the game is fully dead and buried we shall return here every seven days for our weekly roundup.
Never heard of the guy.
Haha, awesome
My favorite remains the reason for leaving the previous job: "Had words with boss over his daughter."
Are you telling me Healy is Howland Reed?
Assuming everyone is fully upgraded, marines do 1 damage and marauders do 10 damage.
for a second I was wondering what race "cuck" was a racial slur for before re-reading everything
Tastes like a good ol Atari 2600!
My ex is an ass and we won't be working with her again
I'm not personally a TSM fan, but Santorin, Xpecial, and WT are all underpriced
It was a league of legends meme, certain skills and other things are coded as minions and it often causes problems.
You must be new here...
no
So that's where the trance producers got their name from
You sure showed him!
Such a peaceful movement
I would become the Walter White of caffeine.
Why add another hero from a class that isn't played?
No allies outside what was listed
Not yet
That is A LOT of voter fraud....
It's reddit.
Badmouthing isn't fun when you've spent a year building something up
You have to if you want to be the very best!
Good to know, thanks!
Fair enough!
No, no, no, it's because whitey invented slavery.
Witcher 3?
Didn't matter what I offered, they still weren't having it...
Even Comey admits that this should be a matter for Congress to determine.
Around the time we get the last orbfest.
Tancredi Palmeri
The posterior fat pad sign is discrete but its definitely there.
Interestingly they are always concerned about such hypotheitcals, and not the provably detrimental influence of polarization ang group think that results from separation.
Does your head hurt then?
hunter2
I think we need to create robot nannies, then we're all good.
Early VICE was trash "journalism" and there are plenty of druggy white guys who are reactionary, racist assholes.
Iowa isn't as bad as Abukuma.
^ this
Nah, he's just shoring up democracy by removing any opposition.
Eh nothing a little duct tape can't fix
Yeah I can't imagine how this will immediately be massively abused.
Ryan Kent, 19 y/o u21 winger.
I don't care for the points either just thought it was funny if it was you.
Right, because ICE certainly never fucks up and deports a brown person just because they weren't carrying 3 different kinds of papers that day.
I just might be crying harder... For my wallet of course
this is a new and well thought out post
And I said I was theoretically studying physics, and boom they hired me.
STAND BEHIND REINHARDT!
OH GODDAMNIT!
9/11 not racist enough
So obviously if you do pull one from the tins you'll make your money back
I don't even think I'd watch football if not for fireman Ed or the barrel guy in the stands
I've had 3 copies of that damn Sigma thinking i'd save a few bucks, But the auto focus on those lenes is horrible.
Shit ... I could be comparing 100 years ago to now
nah, i like having a very loose definition of pop music
I'm sorry...
Well, if he had been around for the Eli trade, Manning's career would've resembled Ryan Leaf's lol
You can redirect the dragons if you ultimate as genji at the same time and slice them
sicc grind, pupper
no homo makes it fine
They can barely keep electricity on in their country, let alone in the middle of the ocean.
adderall
But Trump isn't a fascist!
It's just like multiplying negative numbers bro Melania is like the plagiarism Robin Hood, stealing from those who have stolen and giving it back to the people
To be fair, Jesus said the exact same thing.
Until they're in the Finals, when KD disappears again
It's those damn Amish again.
So he is actually changing his tune about the EU to fight the even more extreme right from stealing his voter base....
If by "the other Berserk figma's" you mean the rest of the god hand that appear on one of the pictures from the link you posted, unfortunately, I don't think they're out yet, just trying to save you some time :P
How will you handle the server load from the traffic?
Yeah, because players that will want to gamble will gamble anywhere they want.
The Catholic Church shares it however.
I love it when fledgling feminists feel that they're educated enough in the subject of their choosing, and decide to come forth to spread the gospel of Feminism and Racism caused only by white males, and no other people are at fault... Because anybody who isn't a white male is systematically marginalized and oppressed by the evil patriarchy that gives white men special powers and rights/freedoms to commit whatever actions they want without consequences, because they're white men that are members of the patriarchy and force themselves upon every minority, person of color, LGBTQIALMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ member, and the rest of the special snowflake squad that I fail to name due to sheer laziness, and lack of motivation to do it.
I caught one but the CP was nothing to shout about
He just wants to show off his expensive knife
Your post has a grammar error, so not only can i not understand you at all, i also suspect you're inbred.
Especially when his uncle is blood related and his aunt not...
At least they aren't ruining Game of Thrones anymore, that'd be ten times as horrible!
Yessss, going to be there this weekend!
None of them were marked classified, so there was nothing illegal or unethical.
Still sore about this years Stanley Cup?
What about June?
It's a big deal that it happened - it just wasn't fireworks to watch.
*Please* make a post about it, there's a chance some future fence sitter will see it and just maybe tick it off their list of reasons to have kids.
I'm so glad that what amounted to a temper tantrum in the brogressive movement because their feelings were hurt was not able to stop a female political leader.
But then if you play what your team wants, who will cover 4th attack hanzo?
You disgust me
Just stood there and broke his own neck i heard...
So, you mean similarly to all the black people letting it all out when Obama was voted into office after 200+ years of oppression?
He didn't defraud people, only darkies
Not really, poor wifi connection does
That's why I ask my bagger to leave out 1 zucchini, they're basically the same thing.
Hence why Americans are world-famous to be the smartest people ever, impressing all other nations with their vast knowledge of geography and History for instance.
a good journalist covers all options.
That's right people, if you don't believe Hillary murdered multiple people you're just a CTR shill!
Extra emphasis on complete
Seriously, some of the most loathable characters in this series are portrayed by the most talented actors/actresses.
You're so savage.
But you are though.
Is that a 6 gallon tank?
He says, posting to Reddit.
I feel stupid but am I missing a reference here?
That guy should not have dogs
Use Google
you're annoying and ignorant
B there or b square
He doesn't even know what magazine it's from.
Well, for the backend one can use anything (probably Rails or Django to stay _dynamic_ ^(I'll show myself out)).
Clearly, who would muddy that up with allegations that he's going to be given an acting gig?
Because, even though Mark has clearly said not to do it a thousand times, they're still attempting to use WD40 as a lubricant.
In case the British return..
Toby Greene
Mike Pence is the worst thing about the Trump-Pence ticket.
At least you got the Flyin' High though!
I don't like 76
At least there's working multiplayer in E:D
No, I'm quite certain it was made 1 year, 9 months and *83* days ago.
i'm sorry but this must be one of the dumbest things i've heard
Woah, I didn't know Jack Black was one of the lost boys.
How original!
Large scale racism only exists when it's institutionalized
I thought he was the next legend.
it is impressive how fast he can dig with such small hands!
This is why y'all getting curved
Oh he won't but you gotta believe him cuz he said he was masters.
Assuming none of them dope already, and only the rest of world dopes(those unethical heathens).
When I unsubbed.
Seems a bit harsh to call our entire military dumb...
I thought heat rises
Great idea!
Because Thorin totally doesn't have an anti-TSM bias.
For a new player that must be a cake walk.
Because the state government of TN is an independent woman that don't need no national tax to support her
Every time.
Np I like to see happy people ;)
He has got a lot of potential.
A 'Computing Teacher' should know that that's an example of recursion; not an infinite loop.
Obama apparently, spends all his time hatching and executing evil plans that thwart the plans of true, patriotic Americans.
Alliance favoritism as always, blizz.
Looks like you forgot your
Well color me surprised.
Look at all the energy and excitement in the crowd!
An affront of this magnitude can never be forgiven.
ELI5 plz
sorry here:
Revolutionary
Oh I wasn't aware there is a vast conspiracy involved.
Ed..... Ward...
be alpha, stay alpha
It's almost as if this whole subreddit is full of re-posts
Downloading the cheats obviously.
Although most of the world has a large amount of American pop culture
A repost to surpass shitposting?
Yeah, they were probably all Punjabi
Did you get your derailleur hanger alignment checked?
But if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear.
Oh yeah those bike lanes have sure made the whole downtown totally useless....
but you lifted... p***y :P
should of just bought them from GE
Sounds like a really useful and respectful way to spend your time.
So people can get exactly a pound obviously.
Yeah but it sends a strong message for homeless people to top up their myki.
nono, they are fans of nice walls, not ice walls.
What's he whining about, I thought we had a Kenyan muslim as our president?
Future Sight mechanics are said to not count as returning mechanics, so... maybe contraptions have a chance!
Not sure what you're talking about, Eclise inarguably has the best pose in the game
Is this lube?
Trust me I know that feeling.
I think option B fits in more accurately with the lore.
Yup he had great timing as well!
I've heard of using a crab boiler for it, it's just a tripod single propane burner for using at the beach.
That's not how the internet works grandpa.
Maybe if they keep pretending there aren't any women in Gamergate, they'll magically disappear.
Yea, it has nothing to do with the massive corruption.
Oh man, I hope Trump gets the nomination so that BOTH candidates in the general election are planned parenthood supporters!
noted thanks.
Doesn't the POS save that info?
Hey, it worked for Greece, right?
I've got a practically brand new Tsunami, have only put one build in it if you would be interested in a trade.
Yes this is exactly what I said... I obviously am a one dimensional form of human.
Walking Dead comic spoilers (kinda-ish):According to the "Here's Negan" comic mini-series, Negan was a elementary school gym coach before the apocalypse, not a biker.
Oh, my sweet summer child," Old Nan said quietly, "what do you know of fear?"
Don't worry, mac can't be infected
That makes sense, since it's a different type of fire.
*The European Way*
Sacrilege
She looked happier in the first photos...
You must really want to fuck him!
# #Progress
It doesn't matter dude just look at the top 10
Leaving her 45 and with the social security check of a 70 year old until she dies.
Source is on this page
guys just because Repeared and Impact are both Korean doesn't make them the same person.
You forgot the
Fucking awesome!
the brake lights gave it away that it was a staged picture, still cool tho
Bastion needs to be able to move in turret form
That's not much different than a Powerglide.
Well at least feminism will address sexist issues like this when they achieve their goals!
How lovely!
Clintons are some of the most trustworthy people I've ever heard about.
Thats becos they are real womyn while the rest of us are fake/make believe.
obvisouly its because of his quality gaming related content!
Maybe there should be something done to a guy who makes dirty potentially career ending tricks all the time?
No this game sucks keep moving don't bother playing it.
The media can't report anything untrue or unconfirmed.
Raghu wins straight up when it comes to bust sizes
I agree with you 100% on this, and that is exactly what I said in my comment in different words.
But that's barbaric!
Fuckin idiot
Oh because 20 races in the Middle-East where there are 10% grandstand seats sold is so attractive to the current and future audience of the sport.
That's just sexist.
Crimes of moral turpitude in other words gay.
It was a joke, guess I require the
But their hardship was supposed to enable them to pull up their boot straps.
No one has congratulated him for his big win tonight yet, for which he is responsible.
Yeah.. I'm pretty certain the **only** thing they've been working on since January is making t90 power armour augmentable.
It's because yung stew steals his kills
Made your calves look *huge*, brah!
I'm so glad to see my tax dollars making sure these highly dangerous criminals are locked up
So the garbage players magically become better
Good thing that men are such a morally superior species
hhahahha yes thats exactly what i did, no Artistic Licence taken there at all
Never occurred to me
But now... through all the hurt and pain...
Nothing shows how much you care for them like a tie.
\#babylivesdontmatter
Hope you learned your lesson.
But you can sign up to die for your country at 18...
Well in 2k16 I'm on banner 27 for the Celtics, so it can't be too hard for Danny, Brad &amp; co., right?
Darude - Sandstorm
More flopping, yay
No it is not natural- lefties and atheists invented it to discriminate naturaly born christians...
wait, they made a Reckful card?
Of course not ADCs are never right and only bitch!
Ban Chalice.
what you talking about, men don't feel ashamed, embarrassed or have emotions like women do
because you know it can't be that itemization is legit fucked and it's so dumb having three viable champs at a time for years and years and everything else feels unplayably bad mid in season two had zyra diana Cassiopeia morgana gragas karthus anivia orianna and khazix that's three times the variety we have today for adcs but adc mains just complain and complain but there's no problems
Yeah, because everything happens in its own individual bubble.
Before joining the EU Britain never took in migrants.
I went on the E. coli diet and didn't get results like that... I call steroids.
You know all over Germany there's swastikas everywhere because taking them down is seen as destroying history.
Just make a new app called Kindr already!
To the top of r/all with you!
Read the sidebar.
So it's a SOMA as a shooter in space.
Yaaaaa that's so the same thing....
I am sure they would have a lot of positive things to say to me.
Welp when it all comes crashing down at least you'll be able to say it was for safety's sake.
drunk riot cant tell the difference between each 3 hit proc champion
Good response
But how did the Dave Matthews Band get their name?
yeah i'm ashamed myself
But muh fair use
Found the child of divorced parents.
You can maim with anything if you try
I feel like in order to get an accurate power rankings, the writer needs to follow all the scenes in detail instead of just watching NA/EU LCS and then looking at other regional rankings and guessing.
Somehow I doubt that.
Why won't the moderate British condemn this?
Big Ben: 17-6 in postseason appearances Tony Romo (with a year longer career): 2-4 in postseason appearances Yeah, but their YPA is similar, so I guess they're just as good.
Why do 3v3 when you can do 6v3?
Just wait and see how good porn hub is
Those sources thou
Why would anyone vote for a loser who lives in a straw hut for president?
Flower or Flour
Nooo you got it all wrong, galway kebab pizza house and four star pizza jeeeezzz
That rope isnt long enough for the AR15
Best car always wins the race unless Truex or Harvick has the best car
im glad your reviews are very free, it would suck to have to pay to review someones product
Fingers crossed for Ubaldo....
Yes, I'm sure the dissolution of the UK as a whole can only be good in the long run
But that takes more time and I'm a highly ranked exports player.
People who seem to think that none of us know how to identify sarcasm
Every law ever made in the history of mankind was right!
Yeah, everything changed suddenly.
Billain - Metal Jaws
The Koreans put a bad taste in my mouth too
looks like turkey to me
As a Christian virgin who's holding out for one person, I sure am glad that there are guys out there like this ruining it for the rest of us.
they help you hit that sweet green spot
A wide selection of games that are available for the vive?
He's black, so he has to be cool.
But robots create jobs...
Teach embyros not to rape womens' bodies!
Yeah.. Other than a goal in a 1-0 game he was pretty fucking poor.
The Breitbart article links to a story done by Lisa Rantala with ABC 6 / FOX 28.
Seems like Sony purposefully flooded the studio so they could get the game!
you're killing reddit
Still gets a crit because Medic
You're a smart person.
Correct, because the state would never ever do anything that's against the constitution
Obviously you hate women.
NO IT ISNT ONLY MY MUSIC IS GOOD
But I'm still in bed tho
yeah but things like dribbling are relatively unassisted
Triple jump?
It feels like the closer to an actual sales date we come the more information is lost
Hey now...
Sky High
Hearing about it everywhere, and bored with my usual forum.
You gotta have 4 copies of that bad boy, in case one breaks from playing it so much.
You're biased and deluded.
No, he thinks you are an idiot because you are acting dumb.
probably, but we should not ignore the words of the people who have already resigned due to this.
The mean librarian who got her job by fucking the previous principal 30 years ago, somebody just fucked up her car in the parking lot.
yep, got the remaining 4 trials and completed my 24th challenged
You would think so
It's like Superjail but.... no, it's Superjail.
1080p and even 1440p would probably be alright for 60fps max settings.
meirl
*Woosh*
That's what he mint
This makes my head, hurt.
Same goes for Hawaii and the Philippines.
If we get enough muppets in one building we can start our own show!
Yeah, one time i got the sphere to mold in my hands
...who was it?
Generally I think it's because of girls getting a lot more matches than guys, this probably doesn't apply to this girl however.
Death of a parent at s young age.
Yes please.
The Garber special.
I don't think we're in any position to know the answers
You forgot the Book of Mormon with the Bible.
I'm also guessing you don't wear a smock and get looked down on by the customers as "the help", but your point is well made.
Shit talk him all you want, but he had a better career sv% with the Leafs than Reimer, who people seem to think is a lot better because of a couple months last season.
I'm sure the parkour is awesome.
They have to find it first :P
You also gave us Lieberman tho...
You know it's pretty darn unlikely Trump's going to win, right?
One of my favorite outfits in the game.
I guess everyone needs a job.
I would recruit Lebron James.
Me and God napping
Still full of facts and links?
you'll just say mexican/muslim isn't a race and refusing to rent to non-white people as just good business
All aboard the feels train.
There are no dutch guilds, I'm fairly certain of that.
Let's not forget about Fast and Furious weapon program!
I feel safer already
yeah, but generally, they were either being yelled at or being lynched...
He needs to drop after June 7th or he tarnishes his legacy.
The amount of time and money spent to get any good return is diminishing compared to the 30 minutes I can spend grinding.
you really need the
because you need some sort of centralized state IMO in the transitional period, as a MLM, I believe the solution to corrupt bourgeoisie elements/revisionists infiltrating the state is cultural revolution.
Thanks!
This is hovering around cool cat levels of coherence
Tirpitz as well
Posted yesterday.
Was too old to read it when it came out so never heard of it, but was not too old to play Doom, so BFG remains Big Fucking Gun.
We- speak for yourself I'm not involved.
Evidence 1: Reddit.
Did Power Glove make all of the music to this game aswell?
Yeah I wouldn't be surprised to see nV in the finals, they're playing great
Ozil out...
Oh shit whaddup
You Guys usually seems pretty gender-neutral.
According to one interview Mick Jagger gave, the conversation started as an attempt by Richards to mug him.
Bro...marry that woman
Noone can withstand the tangy onslaught of Pickled Onion Monster Munch.
It cant come back if theres no air/moisture
10 hours a day is nothing... I was aiming for 8760 hours a year, but 3700 is about average!
No you are not alone.
They were targeted for death?
Copy-Paste Copy-Paste Copy-Paste Copy-Paste
Its filthy but I like it
Whats the story?
I like how people clearly saw this, looked at it, and decided "nope, not worth it"
Na, its totally more important to spend time loading the loading animation/image rather than actually load up your game right?
I'll take your advice when I'm dead
Why are they just finding the suits?
IIRC, Enes Kanter got suspended for throwing his mouth piece into our stands this past year.
No problem at all.
Yeah, the food.
Blackhand.
Good to see he is going places.
I agree, even though what he did was fk up and ruined the game for other, I do not agree with him being fired for it
no, if it is not on their hotbar, it is in their 'backpack' and not a threat to other players, as soon as he puts it on his hotbar it should become visible on the back / hand
Yeah, you are mad.
I'm really looking forward to cutting the grass today
Questions thread, BTW.
Not at all.
This is what happens when you give every kid a trophy.
Green with diarrhea.
aww
At least she's not a 106 year old Cubs fan.
Totally *tubular*
Because the East has been fun to watch for the last decade.
Oh man, I gotta prepare for a big SHIT Monday
But where's the profit in that?
wait I'm now hearing Vesey is going on hunger strike
oh well in that case it's acceptable?
Plasmids are the only way to truly beat Windows 10
TSM posted a picture of the team with Bio and Ig earlier today, so it was more or less confirmed that he was trying out.
Will we hear the NYCFC "we don't give a crud" chant in FIFA 17?
Email her directly, I am sure she will give you all the information she has.
I can't wait to hear what God-Emperor Trump has to say about this!
Stupid me, thinking a forum is a place to exchange ideas.
Y-you know that's not how it works, right?
In order, Michael, Ryan and Gavin.
Commenting in case OP delivers so I can come back
Money doesn't change people, but if you happen to be an asshole, you'll become an even bigger one.
The likelihood of this guy either never serving, or being a DEP dropout is high.
Oh, you.
Not even save from scalping people, Vikings did that hundreds of years before the rest of Europe found out about the Americas.
Hey phantom hourglass is a great game!
*construction noises*
The fact that AMD was able to significantly increase performance in such a short amount of time only make it seem more likely that Nvidia messed with the code of the game to give terrible benchmarks for launch day.
Honestly, that game was basically EG's game to throw.
You act as if you don't have RPDR on constanty in the background
Heck yeah!
Rebarrel a savage?
Yea that's a little weird to me too, rep since now it scrolls the opposite direction
I found you fair then square!
Please, tell us more about how you're a therapist and understand how mental conditions work.
~Bowen Marsh
Unless something changes yes he is returning from loan.
If you end up needing a foster home let me know - my roommate and I have rehomed quite a few kittens, even one orange one from Reddit :)
White Christians are oppressed in America
Do all of your above objections go away for the United Kingdom?
Because CL is gone forever for United
Yes, and if we do that, how will our politicians get those sweet, sweet kickbacks?
He's not classy enough to go get himself a succulent Chinese meal.
He's Australian, English isn't his first language
All I see here is racism
Hitmonlee is relatively common, you'd see 10+ a day on scanners.
Thanks!
Zootopia Brain Surgery wat
Yeah I'd totally rank this over the holocaust
Nah, just banter
who the fuck gilds "ayyy"?
So basically ... this 22 year old man is going to _literally_ die because america has "the greatest healthcare in the world"?
He was armed with a baseball cap and the police didn't want to cause public panic.
Redbull is disgusting without vodka in it.
Litigate her fraud -- umm what?
I was skating switch
c:
Well then, your not kidding there.
[M]Lazy bugger
And I'll respond the way I did every time that tired phrase is uttered.
Because there are no minorities and people living in poverty on Reddit right?
I miss having "summer vacations".
I would venture to say he wasn't.
*wow they are all anorexic*
And the refs
He was still unconscious at the time, and if the 3ER keeps that vision from him it's easy for Bran to assume he simply fell.
I believe that is the long term plan, but I'm not sure about 2.5
If you think killing a person is wrong, that must mean you think that person is an angel.
The people at the very, very bottom own most of the debt.
With your interpretation of OP's post: Wouldn't that mean nV stickers are sold more too?
Polygamy was a convenient loophole.
Poldi :D
But than how are we going to stop future terrorist attacks?
Just replace it with cement
wait hold it that's an obvious violation of this subs rules your being edgy without a Reaper flair!
Oh sorry I'm not that funny hahaha
Is no one going to address the blatant cultural appropriation going on here?
OP hasn't even given his opinion on it, but when you hate a product to the point of mental illness, reality tends to warp around you.
That was expected 0/10
What a nice person.
Male, 38, love it and loved to see more!
I hope someone makes a Brutal mod.
Yes, so much cuter with its giant head, emotionless blacked out eyes and missing mouth, oh I just want to hug and kiss it
I read that as you eat a whole lot of butter now at first.
Fun fact: when the battlestar galactica engages it's faster than light drive they use a camera effect that looks like this.
I bet you make that joke all the time.
Go Gators
As long as nobody does anything, yes sir.
take me downtown
Thing is their probably too dumb or lazy to look over Marx and have never fully understood what he said.
What, that won't pay for your expenses on its own?
It hurts less if you don't see it coming
Awww is Ovechkin hitting your pwayers to hwwarrrdd?
hemiyears ahead **is** streets behind
face cam
It's made by Chinese, of course it's a clone!
RIP Guillotine B(
Seeing -25 points just makes me so curious... what did he say?
Well we know white lives don't matter so this is hardly newsworthy...
*High Flacco*
I would travel, since my broke ass can't do it while I'm living.
Well, have Ferrari, McLaren or Williams won a championship since they joined?
Thanks, Brexit.
ProxTube plugin on Firefox...!
BUT THATS IMPOSSIBLE NVIDIA IS SHIT AT VULKAN VALVE HAVE MADE IT FAVOUR NVIDIA HURRR
Assad, Jihadists, PKK have your pick for who should be Syria's next president.
Aww, I was hoping that each player would get their own galaxy...
Oh good, that will stop them.
Sounds pretty painful, maybe he was going for shock humour?
idk man, it's only 6 years old...
Too close to the actual ending where Danys Dothraki friendship force arrives to save the day from the White Walkers.
I am that I am.
If she try to point ANY - who will vote for her?
Yeah, it almost seems like hes running with the joke, but OP clearly isn't intelligent enough to have a sense of humor like the rest of us.
I'll be sticking around.
fuck you fucker I will fucking say what I fucking want about this fucking game fuck you
Salty?
I suck at guitar but I'll always remember that one.
Forreals, establishment democratic politics is RUINING america
I believe they're pronounced may-mays.
Not sure if you're looking for an ID, but it's a pantropical jumper, Plexippus paykulli
Well, this is one leak that's definitely 100% real.
Were they also closeted gays named Jonathon?
Shouldn't Phi know?
Slow down!
Why was the first song so sad sounding?
Dang sorry, I can kinda relate just with my speech disorder.
LOL but no you guys it's the republicans who are falling apart not the Dems
No to any BailFork
Seems legit
So basically, it doesn't have gaming support.
Yeah, you know how Americans love Communism.
Getting so nervous about missing an early flight that I can't sleep and therefore exacerbate the problem.
Yea, that's a great idea, let's do as they do.
Isn't this show only 3 or 4 years old?
I thought it was Donna as well.
Yeah it's definitely lack of guns that's allowing the government to play fast and loose with the 4th.
She kills anyone who gets in her way.
I've only tried a few but they all worked fine.
It must've been torture for the Finns seeing Canada celebrate gold, and then needing to go back to do one more faceoff.
yes.
Maybe it's one of those "inner beauty" pageants I hear so much about
Surprised that the Rams didn't get one considering the move to LA
It is also on steam.
That implies that George Lucas would let anyone other than him have creative input on the prequels
Wrong Said Fred
179cm get the fuck back down son..
Maybe add some JJ Abrams-esque lens flares to the old format and call it a day.
Remember, it's okay to call people out, just not on the internet.
I'm sure the writer actually meant because she is a woman and there is rampant misogyny in the US.
Janet Reno tho
Also, ad views on YouTube.
Have you not had a 5 layer burrito?
It's legally not a pyramid scheme, you can tell because of the number of times they've been sued for being a pyramid scheme and won.
look at mimic cape
No sweetheart, this is ***actually*** good, it can't be vegan..
To bad you'll never be able to find it RIP tracker.
Racist..
Hey, I'm Definitely Being Lazy By Not Using Caps.
once you get married it goes full circle and the numbers flip back around again
Go against 3 Barbarians or Hordes, then we'll see :)
i bet he would also tongue-punch her fart box
Ahh, good old M11...
What the hell do you propose then?
They'll probably do something like "December Celebration" to avoid any correlation like they did with the "Summer Games" OR they could do an event for every holiday so we'd get an absurd amount of loot boxes!^hehehehehehehe
How many?
Welcome to the south
And 1 Elijah Hood behind the line, should be fun!
anti-racists are the REAL racists
Brutal.
So you're going to pick the fucking lettuce ?
In the air
I miss the good old days of Jimmy's guerrilla warfare with pudge in pubs.
Nah, you have to ult in your own goal.
UK is disgusted by the use of such a weapon by Burma
You should be ashamed
A blasphemer **would** say something like that...
pick me
tfw algorithm is working 100% enjoy your hillbucks 8)
Who wouldn't let kimi ride them all year long?
Thanks for the insight
And on that day he found out his mom used to be a man.
Leaving the EU will fix it, right?
Yeah if only...maybe if he had something like the Clinton Foundation he'd be considered much more humanitarian and kind.
You mean, like the ABM system is only against Iran and North Korea?
Should probably take their own advice.
*Bar* harbour, *Far* harbour... Nice one Bethesda.
Wonderful content, wonderful people.
Where is Marshmellow
That's the problem, if you didn't do internships and lead clubs, you've got nothin but a piece of paper and bragging rights.
Gee, if only I had the app that you're spamming on other subreddits, then I could figure out what to do and where to go.
Halloween on the charles
Incredible is something of an understatement...I'd say he's requires only slightly less retarded runes than Ritesh to really kick ass, and that's only because he's MUCH faster than Ritesh.
PAC
There's no way you can see inside in the daylight...
Yes - because if people whine enough, a perfect God changes so he stays perfect.
Really, I've never seen them on hard, but I image that's just confirmation bias
Someone broke into my house yesterday but left a quarter, what a nice man.
It would be legal if all you guys stopped ODing on it.
Can I just roll the throttle and sand it with a brick since I don't have a belt sander
What's our 1st biggest weakness?
Yeah, sounds very sexy...
Hey, some people play No Man Sky without problem on PC, so clearly it's not broken !
Out of all the comments I've seen on reddit, this is the one that pierces my unfeeling exterior, and causes me to consider that the little people might actually qualify as human *too*.
Micheal Phelps dives?
Think you forgot this :
blacks killing blacks.... Why is this here?
exactly
ITT: people now knowing it's not called metric system, it is called S.I.
I think you are forgetting about Point-Center Mason Plumlee!
Go for the Pantech Hotshot
AMC was picked in the last Panthera game of spring split so he's relevant
All of them
It's not that funny
Pink Diamond not being Rose is obviously a ploy, wake up SHEEPLE!
Don't worry people, he has Scott Walker's approval!
The 24 hour "mini-stopover" is a really cool benefit of award tickets
Just as much knowledge as the majority of Ranger fans
OK, let's try fascism then.
MWHAHAHAHAH :D
Winning a final =/= from winning 7-1, klose scoring, at home their home, in that manner.
These TV doctors diagnosing seem to know so much then actual doctors!
Let's work something together here!
Apparently this is coming from Mendes
\#OnlyInMontreal \#apparently
I think this is the first post I saw about this!
This is the plotline to Memento isn't it?
I think you just mean quest, seeing as that is what they're called.
But Islam is not a race!
Cant wait for frankthony oceantano to tell me how I feel about the album
Yeah take more lsd and maybe you will be more acceptable round these parts.
But he only had a slight buzz!
But what about muh useful touchshit features
Thanks!
Well I was an 88 fan before it was cool
Nice
I expect numerous shout outs about how I'm the one holding the team together and none of this would have been possible without me.
is that the guy Kanye West made famous?
It's ok, all the other eu migrants will have left as well, so the nhs won't need so many staff
well you let the Chinese buy out all out property why not chuck in the schools aswell
Oh yeah, ulting with Genji is a lot easier than ulting with Reaper.
Yeah, technology keynotes are for kids.
Is that a new programming language?
I'm sure if we looked back at the history of rifles we would see that you are correct in your statement.
shut up ur racist
Because this is a hentai made into a game.
That's because Trump is literally the spawn of Satan and Hillary is Christ reborn
Because the middle east doesn't produce a shitload of music
I thought that was why DD was still around?
He's salty because it's not a fire chimera..
I mean, it's not like the kid's going to harass their mom *again*
so amazing, I really wish I could paint half decently and or had time to sit down and paint
Robin's wasn't legendary, but it was still the best sandwich likely ever made by man, as he trained with the greatest meat, bread, vegetable, and sauce experts from all over the world, and used all of his knowledge to make a single sandwich
and still, they would find a way to remove mechanics from it.
What would he know about bad movies?
Probably an xbox
Was that last one an eel?
Thorry Gergich
The morality of the 1940s also included overt racism, does he want to bring that back too?
But the Commie's "created" a famine in Ukraine, they are so much worse.
Joey Bosa is clearly going to be a bust because the internet scouts said he can only play in a 4-3 and the Chargers run a 3-4 35% of the time and talent is only as good as the scheme they are in period.
hey man fake pee's an ents best friend
Still easily a top 5 team all-time.
AND HIS NAME IS
Hopefully Ollie
He's black and Fox news tells me I can't like black people.
Yep, a symbol on the door will keep predators out, and predators will respect this legislation- but violent criminals won't respect gun control legislation!
No, he's obviously a closet liberal who will betray all conservative ideas in office.
Well a blow job is technically not sex.
Guess he saw better opportunity in minnesota hahahhahaha
Why according to the Koreans their both about the same as WC
Yeah, our Navy is no match for anyone nowadays, and this generation had no idea what war even means.
omg, those danish racist islamophobes
Hey but here you have the opportunity to become a millionaire, heck even a billionaire if you try hard enough!
Thanks for the background wallpaper :D
Yaeh, because Tracer turned so well being brought from an arena shooter
That's always a healthy way to look at a law that affects a small minority.
I'm pretty sure she is human
Yum :p
That's plebbing, you scrub
No blue and white tablecloth 4/10
Lo veo dificil, el pago electronico los obliga a cortar ticket, van a hacer lo imposible por seguir operando en efectivo.
Yeah this team is gonna be bad when the wind is blowing straight out
what a badass
You dropped this:
completely OK then.
Isis...
Yeah, headhunters just randomly pick students
Fortunately this plan still keeps the black people out of Cobb County.
But that will leave Ekko with only 2 slows, a stun and a reposition ult he will be way too immobile.
It's disgusting that they're advocating shooting slow children.
Der lautere Mann wird immer siegen.
But... but, you just contradicted yourself.
WT7 never existed you filthy 9/11 truther conspiritard!
U BETTER BE!
Oh yeah I forgot how usually when the genders are reversed men are not persecuted and prosecuted for precisely what you describe.
The only time the planet's rotation is going to matter is if you're going through its atmosphere
Yeah your just a 15 year old dick head.
Have you tried turning it off and then turning it on?
So good he had to say it twice!
What's a blinker?
It's sad that the only question that makes sense get downvoted.
Zemselves*
Yes, and after they ask remain completely silent and do nothing as if you're not even there.
If it was a joke, you forgot the
Whopper from Burger King - add onion ring sauce.
BAN THIS MAN!
Just giving Steelers fans a heart attack
Genetics play a huge part; my stylist and I discovered my first grey hair just days before my 25th birthday.
Bold prediction: it will be on NX
Someone's a real stickler for 'conventional'.
Nobody takes a degree from such 'universities' seriously.
But hey, at least he has his fall protection on!
Please, he was obviously just doing some research on the subject.
Quick, type Player.AddItem 00039BE4 1 in the console.
What, you don't think good freerunners can hang around in their fingertips for indefinite periods of time if they want to?
Ahh yes that great british colony, mexico!
You think?
Still white people's fault!
I mean, the wires are hooked up to it, what's the problem?
Except when you realise most of those comments are from Redditors who have youtube accounts.
He was clearly talking about flash games bro
I dunno about you, but I drink a dog's weight in coffee every morning, so, no, obviously not coffee grounds.
Excellent use of taxpayers' dollars, yet again.
Denzel Washington will have to play him in the big budget blockbuster based on this heroic act.
...Yeah Trump has never donated his own money to charity...
Guys, they are just underfunded all we need to do is increase taxation and everything will be fine!
At least we have our excuse if things don't go well
Can you port this MOD to Xbox?
Looks OK but it' too teal for me, I prefer Riviera or Mexico blue (almost the same color).
Hopefully she's feeling a little guilty for how sad she made my penis.
as if it could get any worse
Great, maybe Turkey will acknowledge it now.
Bay area - Tons and tons of good food, pretty damn good weather all year around, and some of the best if not the best weed in the world.
Pros: we didn't die Cons: he was our president
Good thing they included grapefruits though
And see what it got them?
Here, I think you dropped this
It's entirely reasonable to read one word and discount the whole book.
right I get told that all the time and I work between 97-112 hours every two weeks but we are no job having, free shit wanting, sanders supporters.
No, Round these parts we ignore sources and circle jerk each other into a frenzy.
I thought Ancestral Weaponry substitutes the half elf skill focus.
#BREAKING NEWS
But but... mah shugahs!
Priests are annoying to play against, meanwhile let's give shaman more oppressive early game
Only sexual assault if a woman is involved, c'mon
Oh god quick, you dropped this!
You get a free drop from there or wut?
All I can think of is the Woodland Critters Christmas in South Park.
That's discrimination!
promoting homophobia is how the terrorists win
Malkin's instagram during the summer is the best
Really?
**Membrane Master Race**
Are you saying that the Josef Mengele Memorial Hospital doesn't have a nice ring to it?
yeah zerg totally has a chance in the matchup
The question is, did we nuke Japan too hard or not hard enough?
Yup, it's like this at every university in Germany.
Says the guy posting on Facebook.
Still not good in 25% of all game modes, pretty pleb in my opinion.
And you just know most rapists are instantly repelled by a hickey like vampires are repelled by garlic.
forgot the
Lsd, ethlad, allad, 4acodmt, shrooms, 3fpm, mescaline, and ayahuasca all have super low overdose thresholds!
Well I usually find a game under a minute in WoL (EU), so I don't think that's a problem.
We have the biggest Walmart though.
I agree; they should spend less time/money on the hardware, and more on making the case look cool.
Well now we have a big enpty space to drop all the crazies.
M2K stopped that 3PPeat
Who is this Bernie fellow?
Yeah can't get much worse than standard member of team for vgc alongside primals.
He got all his characters deleted so he won't be streaming sweats that much lol
Well, about 15 years ago my son came home and told me the DARE officer at his school said that the dealers give it away free to get you hooked, so it can't be THAT expensive.
Nayyyyysh son.
Everyone knows ALL Africans lie about their age
Yes, when people say someone sacrificed their life for their country, they totally mean some sort of superstitious ritual
The well outside that Church will hence forth be known as the [Well of Spoilers]
The past I believe.
Never made the playoffs, so not really
What carrier does the direct to London out of Austin?
Obligitory weekly
There is kid and other kid, how is that confusing?
Came here because I thought I could find 'gear' onsale and finally make the Crossfit Games
OMG racist much?
You're just paying for content you should get in the launch but they cut so they could sell it to you.
Illegal for govt means did not give ghoos.
Or maybe we could have an option for people to go to college inside their home state for a much discounted rate?
I have been getting the photofacials.
Bagger 288
Right, and you're the only one who is entitled to judge everyone else.
Ok then she can sex who she wants
To keep them away from cars hitting into them and vandals we should hang these above-ground pipes from large wooden poles made of tree trunks, positioned in the ground in regular intervals.
Because I'm sure no one gems their hero time to get more enjoyment out of the game
How dare you need to learn and not know everything right away?
Besides, it will only run on Apple formatted streets anyway.
Glad to know you're planning on making it on time the third time round ;)
Hahaha, thank you!
The result would be better DPS-wise and worse utility-wise, so it balances out.
3 chicken tenders, taters, gravy, a biscuit, and a cookie... (Half-cries) I don't know!
Totally agree.
I often start newbies with Ye Olde Barfight.
Nice theory, but I didn't get how Oprah vs Ellen related to Spielberg.
Just because it's extremely intelligent, like off the charts intelligent, doesn't make it instantly omniscient..
How to obtain world peace: kill the engineers
b-b-but it wasn't in recommended build
Not an owner here, but according to some others on Reddit after the update, not only was power fixed, but it was more stable too.
Consider yourself #downvoted
I watched this all the way through twice before I saw the second tornado
Because you post shitty questions multiple times a day.
TBH I'd just use fulmi, it's almost always better than t6
To much mayo
Not as much as bumblebee.
Oh, so a block with transactions with low fees can be accepted?
The longer Paulies sideburns get, the shittier he gets
Amen I think the hardware on the Priv (Clicky screen issues aside) is actually very nice while most reviews called it cheap feeling.
It doesn't remove it, it just gives you access to limited functionality of the phone.
Ginger
It would solve a lot of problems though.
when I dont know how much is acceptable, I very slowly pass a small bill over and gag the reaction.
Sounds like he has better character than PK...
Is there anything else react like that follows the web component "standard"?
FBI Party Van.
Granted, it's a minor superpower, but it's a superpower nonetheless.
Fucking French Canadians
The French didn't learn much since experiencing the worst terrorist attack on their soil, did they?
In Cold Blood is the holy trail of true crime writing just as "Thin Blue Line" epitomizes true crime cinema.
Thanks for the suggestions!
I've only seen these covered in places that already cater to the kind of audience who are probably not voting for Hillary to begin with.
As far as I know, yes, and falco could probably do more because of buffs.
are you sure?
Seriously, that smile seems forced, like a hide the pain smile.
Ah yep that's the one!
... How do you not find a microwave
She only won because Jack Palance couldn't read the card!
It was more the fact that we were sold a different story through marketing like Hunt the Truth that bothered me.
Thats exactly what I wrote?I was just trying to say that a building is a replenishable thing,while human lifes are not.
Loudon, Indy, Loudon
I have a steam controller and I mapped a rear button to be modifier key for switching weapons, so I can switch to any weapon instantly with a two button combo, without having to fiddle with a wheel.
Welcome among us, brother!
Awww
100% of the_donald subscribers think 70% CNN viewers are stupid cucks whose stupid opinions don't matter.
Does that mean the Flint water crisis is actually a good thing for black people?
Great place, but if he's not looking for "fancy or expensive" Cohn restaurants are not going to fit the bill.
If you're ever in toronto, we can get drunk and you can tell me about Dany.
It's European and made of nuts, it has to healthy!
Yeah
you must be fun at parties
The Jenner IIc benefit from 295s, and those aren't cheap.
ayy lmao
It's going to turn out that she's driving a company car.
The smaller one is for people without gold and the larger one is for the people that have it
Goddamnit.
No point really since everything will be reset
waddup
as is pdutz's plan
I tip my fedora to you sir, you are clearly enlightened by your own intelligence.
I'd love to see the numbers below the price for immediate necessary repairs and then expected yearly maintenance.
Largest population by weight too..
r/ayymd is leaking.
XFX RX 460X XXX OC
Lol, at LeBron driving over Drake.
Rule wasnt mentioned at my work = customer wants to then its their choice imo
I hope not because I'm hoping for a more deeper plot with Lillie.
Yeah, say what you want but he is an excellent story teller
Ok, he's just someone I really respect and want to see continue to succeed
Oh I get it, this is a joke.
Didn't go with talk prism in the end?
Government can do things that are hard, when Republicans aren't trying to prove "government doesn't work" by making it not work.
It was sarcastic, I forgot my
Congressionals don't work like that, but it's worth a shot.
klaatu, baratta.... *cough*necktie.
Yeah this juxtaposition of office towers and some pretty average flats really show the stark inequalities in Sao Paolo!
I dunno, IRL there are a lot of wrestlers that lose a lot but increase in popularity because they put on good matches.
lol no worries bro
its weird because boxxy turned into a bonified adorable SJW with a job in voice acting.
Cool, thanks for the tips!
Then I'll probably run 2/3 sentry with 2 tacticians and savage gloves (until they decide savage isn't working as intended and nerf it)
Not when Reinhardt is shielding him
Well that walk out was Nick's idea- if Nate had those brians he would have left the second Conor sat down instead of waiting a couple of minutes
To be fair the eLevate all the maps were very close and could have gone the other way
Yeah you have to look into everyone's iPhone first?
What program is this?
Sure, but I vaguely remember Blatter winning the cunt lifetime achievement award recently
Hmmm Oklahoma City or the SF Bay Area.. really tough choice there
Same with Mario RPG -__-
Never heard that one before
Go home Intel, you're drunk.
cough...*trump* ...cough
Got to start locking that door when you're home.
i dont click on anything nsfw related to isis or islam anymore they are evil fucks
It wasn't a cop at all then, it was Team Rocket!
We all know that police officers investigating other police officers has worked every time 100% of the time.
Thanks Obama !
Something something joke about sucking like a vacuum.
I looked up queef; I was very amused.
Well Islam is winning the war of expansion of ideology because cultural marxism has turned roughly half of our respective populations into cucks.
How high are you right now?
because most of us need mids.
Well you should have taken cover
You dropped your
Thirsty pathetic betas
Ps4 would be down too?
I've seen one ever and that was a Geodude I found at a Cleveland Indians game.
The point being that hate isn't a meter by which you can determine the true Church, otherwise we'd all be Westboro Baptists, because they must be the most hated Christian group in the Western World.
Pretty sure Coulter is packing meat down there so might not turn out as you expect
Can't smash what was the worst mid in NA lol
Well I mean they aren't seeing Brady for a month so they might as well get in while they can.
It's a one-man mercy ult.
Tank drivers lives matter
me
Boomer got picked for the Squad because he tangled with a metahuman and lived to tell about it.
Is that not what was already happening?
Holy shit, that'd be sweet...
As soon as the arrow entered his brain, wouldn't the Hulk just take over?
good shit
and Brook should go up a few notches according to our prestigious p4p criteria
I, uh, um.. Wow.
Fair enough :)
Mine is (no service) and (definitely no service)
A plane ticket.
And paperwork and checklists
Young voters will be thanking their grandparents in 20 years that they chose to remain a sovereign nation.
This is the cutest thing I have seen all day.
I like how the balloons scene went from "adorable" then "fucking cute" to "up in my ass" Well done Brandon!
Not for Ireland and a lot of European countries.
A true leader never takes responsibility for the people who work under them.
It was that.
All you can eat.
Elon Musk sounds like it should be a cologne.
Trying to lose weight and my metabolism is too slow right now (I've currently only been eating one meal a day since I grew up dirt poor and that's all I've been used to my whole life).
You're not even in a weed related sub, you don't need to disclose your level of bakedness.
What a great performance in a fantastic movie - RIP Roddy
Water pokemon at folsom lake?
I'm pretty sure when he said "It's the same" he meant that the transformation from cute child to adult or older form.
oh no i just dropped one of the weeks i had left of school now i only have two and a half what ever shall i do
If there is a good reason for it, it's not "overweight" - it's exactly the weight you need to be.
This election is going to be quite thrilling for you.
Ah right, the infamous Mason Verger... look on the bright side, Mason was an paedophile... and a serial sexual molester...
Sound like lebs not true wogs
Botting jokes aside I wouldn't do BW if you have high ping it really screws with how many orbs you have up at any given moment.
The night before the lord and savouir jesus christ was betrayed and killed he took a spaghetti blessed it and give it to his disciples
Officially on her personal cell phone buying lunch?
KJ pitching to his future Catcher right now
Not my favourite but burning hair is my guilty pleasure.
Provolone is real..
But those assists
I guess all you need for a "remix" these days is to add a breakbeat over something...
Soo SSJ3 Goku could hold his own against Kid Buu, yet needed to fuse against Buuhan... but yeah Kid Buu is definitely the strongest of them all.
No, it's actually just pure coincidence I'm afraid.
I knew they would use the gun eventually!
This is seriously impressive!
He'd have to be able to still have sex and be an interesting person otherwise.
but shes a #secretnerd....
I bet you would like to see people sent to prison for political dissent wouldn't you.
To me it sounds like the exact same song, just with an annoying "filter" over it.
Please let it be Flynn
The promotion is for next week Tuesday, according to T-Mobile newsroom.
an a7s clear isnt really too special when you're far enough into a patch that 7man a7s corpse carries are doable
It's a card with a picture of his birth certificate
As a guy building storm id love this
I can see the value of paying animators, but I think its retarded to pay johnny depp 20 million a movie.
There should be a N/A or didn't read/play option on those because it was not obvious you should just skip those questions.
Yes; sovereign governments often impose arbitrary (well, not really, they're based on the votebanks) tarrifs and regulations.
And a car to the foot for good measure.
Your title is incredibly misleading compared to what OP actually wrote.
Yes, because when guys talk about the difficulties of being men, we don't even think about how we make up 90% of workplace fatalities, or 75% of suicides, or die sooner on average: we only think about how it hurts to get flicked in the balls.
it only means other providers are overcharging
Looks like I'm getting her a boyfriend who's spontaneous and adventurous.
It's funny, one group gets the benefit of not being identified by their lowest common denominator (what many of them are in fact protesting,) while, the other, you have no problem aligning all "neo-nazis" with those calling for violence.
Omg you skinny bitch, eat a sandwich #TRIGGERED
Go back and re-do all the original story missions...using only melee!
His account is over a year old, I'm fairly sure he's just trolling with his last comment.
And the gun is shooting croissants
For a second, while reading that article, I thought I was having a stroke.
So he's not a Satanist
why do these pictures have this horrible filter and really bad font.
Playing the long con.
Interesting point friend
Well, when you beat Sugar Shane, you deserve a title shot like this.
Oct 31 (Halloween) and Dec 31 (New Years Eve) are pretty memorable dates, though
Forcing certain people to choose between their religion and education sounds like a great idea
When two main parties pick the only realistic candidates for public office and don't consider themselves public organizations, that's not really democracy, or even a republic to be honest.
It would require Trump to replace high ranking officers of the military with his loyal puppets, and then assuming that they will all fall in line with Trump's demented idea to start a nuclear war.
Yeah cuz Elige and Stewie have proven to be international superstars
Your title.
Exactly.
Did they apologize afterwards?
gosh dang he wus let of to litley just gows to sho dat napcar favers dem toy yodas that y i dont watch no mor napcar is turnin in to the wwe with al thees gimics
American here, can confirm.
if several countries believed your house was illegal, would you leave?
Oligarchy v Democracy, more like it.
Shitty principles, but yes they are principles.
I feel like if you're in a good relationship, you should be aware of each other's financial positions before getting married and certainly before having a baby.
Well honestly what I'd like is for someone to make drip tips for it, not full caps.
I can't tell, do you have a 5.1 setup or a 7.1 setup?
It is for Hillary
Yeah, what the h*ck?
Sweet, thanks for the source!
You forgot this:
I think it's just a chrome thing
No I'm blind I only choose a select few posts to debate with people about.
That's why we are loved and no one ever attacks us.
For anyone watching on Netflix instead of Cable, Decemeber 2019 is when we get the season.
Intersectional feminist
Yeah and I'm sure your civic breaks necks
I guess it's just PR talk, aimed at impressing VC's
being coworkers is a drama-filled relationship, not news worthy at all
That's what the Secret Service agent said ... so it must be true.
I'm down.
wow, so a facial camera will allow full body tracking as seen in the video?
Loving the mega spoilers in the title.
Imagine that face looking out from the closet as the butterball gets cucked.
yeah, the same fatigue could never happen in unranked
My plan is the following: - Store engrams and edge Cryptarch (have about 130 engrams stored, missing 50XP to level up, gonna get about 5 rank up packages) - edge vanguard, crucible, Dead orbit and store bounties to level up - have leveled FWC to rank 2, 50XP to rank 3 (so I can get a rank up package and buy stuff from them), currently doing the same for NM - have leveled Variks but not claimed the rank up package, will edge his faction so I need just one bounty, then when RoI launches will claim the package (see if it gives RoI stuff) and rank up for a new package - probably try to edge Petra's faction, just in case she get's updated for RoI - convert MoL/glimmer to Exotic Shards, about 20 of them - convert glimmer to weapon parts (have about 20), armor parts I'm OK - get 25K glimmer and 200 Legendary Marks
Day looks way too composed it's so clear she knows something
Not one of those pansy push-ups where you have your elbows splayed out wide, I'm talking about elbows tucked, hands placed under your shoulders kind of push-ups
What does devil may cry have to do with this?.....
What, like Pokemon?
Yeah it definitely wasn't those young players that developed into better versions of themselves and entering their primes (wade, bosh, lebron, melo) in that 2 year span.
Or better, take a shot and THEN do 10 push-ups!
Last I heard The Matrix was highly inspired by Equilibrium, hence the same clothing style and similar focus in firearm martial arts.
If they insured every package themselves they'd just pass those costs on to the customers.
Yes, because their jihadis so far have all been faithful mosque-goers
Someone called for my assistance?
Yes, because people who pay streaming services want to go to torrents and steal from artists.
Nah, even when the defense as a whole is a sieve, people will scapegoat Monroe.
They just had one month to do that skin... And PBE is for rankeds
I'd like to see Deulofeu on the right with mirallas on the left to start and around the 65th minute bring on bolasie to provide that spark but i think whatever koeman comes out with will be sound
No its not your fault he forgot to format his post, everyone knows there's a sarcasm format.
No I'm positive that she said "we'll raise taxes on the middle class" and got an applause break.
Friends don't lie.
The regressive left has a lot to admire...
nope i seen plenty of un named players hacking and everything
Moe is still salty that he couldn't go to Columbus with Liquid
Sounds like another self-'trained researcher'.
Eat more pineapple mate and shave that neckbeard, it'll do your game wonders.
I am.
Makes perfect sense.
The butt looks extremely weird to me.
Reminds me of Death from Regular Show.
I'm ashamed of people seeing me buy childrens games.
Yes... this is what a civil rights lawyer does...
You went from a nexus 6 to a 5X?
become the whore
Three mid Diamonds should be able to take on Huni.
Yeah because that's the game team ninja is remembered for.
Yeah it's got nothing to do with their ultra regressive nationalized religions.
No pros, but a high-end Suv is nice :-)
Oh sorry my English is pretty bad :P but it was nothing important at all.
Funny how dwight is the centerpiece
Jimmy Eat World
Just like there are many iterations of the one Chosen Undead, who meets himself across many worlds, so too is the skeleton found across many worlds, meeting with the many CU.
While that's certainly an option for most, I have a rare meme allergy that precludes me from ingesting large amounts of dankness.
Shatter should've been a Priest card, it's conditional and requires another card to work.
New TheRelaxingEnd thumbnail confirmed!
Time to rev-up that 7 Torpedo Pylon Anaconda!
...all two of them?
He was this close...
How is Silence Dragon Steal stuff Inner fire Priest not an identity?
give butt shots now
I think someone made a "use the search bar" thread already, I recommend you use the search bar next time before making a post about using the search bar.
pretty sure at this point I'll settle for nothing less than flaying for him
The last sentence makes it sound like he told them.
I think you mean "for the love of the First-Spawn" I'm triggered bro
Yeah Hiko is so shit
I'd like to see your work.
Nice!
Because there's never any hypocrisy in Hillary's campaign?
Good.
To bad they don't want accurate accounts of what happens at an ALEC meetings, where the government officials who actually make the laws are meeting with lobbyists to define the laws we have to live with.
Hell I don't drink and I know that margaritas don't have rum in them.. They *obviously* have whiskey
Too lenient
Yeah, I used to believe "good slavery" was a thing too...
Yeah dressage is really getting shafted
With a name like that, they must be the company that private labels the Kylie eyeshadow palette.
Situational awareness is the essence of survival!
Found the Brazilian
Well, clearly you're a racist.
No it's basically an XL pidgey
Calm down poor person some day you'll get there..
It's when you beat an opponent despite them talking trash in chat (upset).
Na, Labour tried to work out demographics statistically by name, worked well for them
I'd agree with many and say AAbdelkader will take Dtsyuk's A. I'd like to see LAarkin get it though.
Isn't just great that we all get everything in life, served on a silver platter!
For now
And I think to myself...what a wonderful *wooorrld*!
Don't you know that was robbery and extortion by the Brazilian government?
Or don't buy a GPU at all and use the Intel HD Graphics since it's cheaper
I found a grimer chilling around pleasure pier, best place for a charmander candy is glenbrook golf course and sometimes UH.
We should make the league more professional and just have everyone buy their spots and not earn them
I hate to break it to you, people have had completely false bans simply for playing the game, even with out third party software...
mehh, he should leave a bit more room on the wire when he splice it
Could've gotten a nuke!
But camo!
Troopers fucking unite!
I have some cable-wrap stuff from a hardware store, will that satisfy you?
its especially real when you start playing with heavy lifting and refeeds, i went from 177 to 205 in 2 days last month and obviously pretty much none of it was fat gain
How neat that you know the mind of every single one of the worlds 1.6 billion muslims!
Look, I'm sure he's a very nice bloke but I can't afford to pay contractors.
Yeah, trying to prevent religious oppression is the same thing as religious oppression.
He just confirmed he's a cuck by not changing it.
A quick off shoot but does kap's actions represent the fans?
Shittiest crop of all time, 0/10 OP
Haha wow this is hilarious!
Great, the kids are littering again
Just don't wear a shirt, problem solved.
if he can rap that's all that matters, he is gimmicky but he does have a lot more original lyrics than a lot of other rappers
It's all anecdotes, you don't represent anyone else, life is terrible all the time, short men should give up on women entirely
Well now that there's a bigger revenue stream coming in from it, they can use that money for maintenance on things such as asphalt paving, painting, and snow removal.
Maybe if you indians weren't all just straight white males who preach for white nationalism, then you would understand
Ross' secret to youth: Eat mac n' cheese everyday Barry's secret to youth: Being a fucking handsome badass
Bai Cristosule, tu da-ti opinia la beserica.
Well yes because if he ripped you off as much as most mechanics he would have a better car.
Plastics fans.
Yeah, but everything women do is for men's attention, so we're clearly just posing as fans to get attention
I thought the doctor cleared you...
Oh rambo jesus, our saviour
Flips table exposing a fully erect gjallarhorn!
Thank you very much this helped me quite a bit :)
Idk, she sounds like Meg
M' zefe
Jeremy in SJDS.
My Bentley doesn't have a seat massager.
Whoops lol
Slender Man?
Or deman
Hopefully they stop using Game Maker this time
Yea, Fuck Valve and HTC for letting Rift users play OpenVR games
The powers that be
Impressive that the motherboard runs at 2133MHz
Bacon.
If you read the transcripts of the call, you can tell that they're willing to trade lower attendance for higher profit.
Next they'll sell xbox 360s as vr ready gpus
You missed the
Totally practical when your crew is in the middle of its 3rd skill..
You're right, because without the whiny pures they would have all of a sudden decided to devote hours of their *only* graphics artist's time to such a salient update.
No I don't!
I'm not a kimmel fan- but some people seem to feel that his brand of advocacy is sufficient, even though you could hardly call it advocacy.
yeah but is first step to address the elephant in the room instead of beating around the bush.
For Internet points, duh!
For the record, in The South, it is called "tea".
This is hillarious
Well all you have to do now is find out that Muslim gene that makes them all so hateful and start a genocide.
Just as long as tax payer money isn't used to pay the damages.
nu uita mare scula plontdraga
Nice video!
Yeah those lazy modders... first they spent their free time on creating awesome mods and then share them with other players for free, but they are too lazy to upload it to Steam, how dare they!
Every raiders fan looks like it is though...
links?
I don't know what they do with my data, but I don't care because I don't send things over the internet that I wouldn't have a problem with companies stealing.
I think this is hinting that he has a track with him and is going to play it tomorrow, or he's tributing the set to Gucci
HOBOMAN - THE HOMELESS HERO PORTLAND DESERVES?
nobody ever listens to the poor men
I just find it comical that the movie has been reduced to a debate about gender equality.
Gotta get that molly off for a safe plant in a 2 v 1
Yeah, that's the person *I* want to get our national security briefings.
We don't for sure, but an elephant's cognitive capability is so much higher than livestock and most other animals that it seems like another level of cruelty.
deutsche haben doch alle an
because it is totally disgusting that neo-nazis and other hate groups can't legally perform nazi salutes at concentration camps
The Holocaust
Uhm, infatti, tu non rispondi, in effetti
I liked the dev idea of scientists roaming the island armed, slaying anyone they come into contact with
Probably because they were dressing their son in female clothing.
I like how there's no press release from the company.
He said he is natty so it's confirmed
........ please tell me you're missing the
No it can't be, thats racist
Those damned high-melanin voters...
0.o
The last time is ran from the last week of June until the end of August, so I imagine it will be here in about 1 month
yea he deserves to be hit in the head with a baseball bat.
Summon three 2/2 Treants that have +2 attack the turn they can't attack?
I sure hope it expands upon the Thomas &amp; Martha Wayne murders!
I think the comment is asking where he's from originally, cos I don't think many people from Europe would feel worried/intimidated when walking by a group of policemen.
because rito isnt a player focused company and are ded set on screwin us with DQ
This is extremely accurate, and anyone that says otherwise is wrong.
sounds like it would be easier to just abolish the EPA
It was
It's not like pole and post can be interchangeable
test post please ignore
I thought I didn't need to put
Meanwhile in gloomy, oppressive, non-fun Russia...
Then VP should get it too.
Quotas, mate.
If you had to explain it to a 5 y/o, those jobs indeed have very different roles, skills, and duties
Should have started on a 250.
Go murica go
wow tabor u suck just like your youtube channel
Because they are blinded by the salt that mini sentry is creating to notice his shotgun.
But also Syrian refugees are actually bum migrants looking for free welfare from Germany too.
Right because everyone should all think alike and believe the same things you do.
NBA's only doing it so when the Warriors get robbed, it'll be without reproach.
women are holy creatures and looking at them without their consent is literally rape.
It's really shit that they did this..I guess cuz Deej's fav got nerfed they decided to nerf Cozmo's
Yeah, we really need that hard hitting investigative reporting to get to the bottom of this.
No.
You aren't allowed to have any negative feelings towards any of the levels here so I would ask you kindly to leave.
I mean, he is a redditor, of course he knows better than anyone
You forgot the
Oh, oh, oh it's the *mom's* job to clean is it, Shitlord?
How ridiculous would it be, if both Trump and Bernie ran independent... And we thought this was all a crazy show now...
That's not a burglar in your house, it's just an undocumented resident.
Works as intended
If he can't handle it now, imagine how stressful it will be for him during a plebiscite campaign when all those pesky gays are out in force
No, they had to cut that crappy tech show so we could have the brilliant tech show Scorpion.
nah the population of bots to humans is probably something like 99.98%, whereas only me and some of my friends and ofcourse all the streamers don't bot.
Weapons themselves, but how about their ammunition?
Who said Molten was nerfed?
you dropped this:
everyone knows that only Muslims, born and bred in the middle east, do those things
Yeah because this video was totally to showcase the plays from a katarina player !
Exactly
Fascinating.
SoI
B-but there are no gods in Buddhism!
Compared with a president convicted with plunder, Pnoy is much worst.
Foreign aid is a western conspiracy to undermine the glorious and prosperous socialist state
**VR**am More VRam = Better VR.
But The 1975 are only for teenage girls and popheads
I guess they had too many wingers
Science and logic are on a spectrum, and are human constructs.
Withhold sex until her behavior changes
elementalist needs 1h sword plz :(
Yes for the sake of your argument everyone is supposed to know exactly what you're talking about before you say it.
yeah punched a dude pre ,fight talks shit about it ,made some racist comments, tried to brag about how much money he makes and how nate diaz is so poor he has to coach kids in BJJ on the side, can totally see him being more likeable now that nate diaz whooped his ass even though he made some lame ass excuse wrapped up in some humility blanket for his nuthugger to hold onto
Yes, Hillary is so good
One of the hidden perks of being a Lakers fan
So tolerant!
Trying what, exactly?
Total hockey noob here, I can still follow the puck.
Too bad we can't partake
buy a brand new MicrosoftTM Wheel Optical Mouse.
Not sure if
Don't worry, I'm sure they'll make the ram easily accessible for the consumer to upgrade on their own
Check out r/politics for unbiased, well thought out political commentary.
Not only are you stupid, you're also an asshole.
Proof, please.
I can only change so much myself
\*reads flair* lurk moar, dn is dead.
Me too thanks
Hopsin?
*Sad New York High-Five*
Sick ad hominem there.
This wasn't the FBI, but still important.
How's that now?
Q said it in an interview today.
Don't tell that to Cain
Stahp
I'm surprised earth itself hasn't took us out and made us extinct.
It's fine if you get good winter tires and don't drive like a tard.
How come?
Demarcus Walker
We have four cats.
The only real exotic thing about it is the hate mail I get using it in Trials
Good analysis.
One team being DQ'd doesn't nullify eLeague... It's been well organised and produced some good match ups so far.
Hmm... I thought they'd be rarer than someone asking to translate latin into Swahili but I'm wrong I guess.
So they are not hiring based on political views?
I would absolutely buy some of these
Trump matters!
now we can live in peace
Blaming SJWS or PC culture for everything
You must be fun at parties.
I'd rather pay the 30th pick and a mid to low second rather than a top 10 pick and a high 3rd :P
Fair enough, yea you don't want to have too much of it such that it becomes unmanageable haha.
Log off, b. You took the shit too literal and now you played yourself.
Maybe his gravel car is the same car with gravel tire and suspension.
we're not blizzard and yeah my team sucks too smh im in elo hell
Thanks for mentioning power, everybody just talks about performance but power is important too, if one looks at the PCBs of the 1070 and 1080, the 1070 has two phases for the gddr5 the 1080 only has one phase for the gddr5x.
lol
Black Pill Feminism at its least literate.
he's right about one thing, though, simone biles looks like a pug
Nah
Like every other gun where the bolt doesn't come out for cleaning, put the cleaning rod down the muzzle, attach swabs to the slotted cleaning jag, and pull it out.
NEW AU: Old Chica is Golden Freddy in disguise.
Buddy, BuddyBab... Bidybab is the paper buddy confirmed...
Make eye contact to assert dominance
*soon*
One problem with the "shot down" conspiracy theory though is accounting for the cell phone recordings.
If you play with Glass Command the game becomes infinitely easier and more fun.
It is bad though...
I applied and am happy to help with anything I can ( If you need testers for 7000 series cards :P )
agreed
DLCs are just paid mods now.
I have no idea what I was reading, I think there was a comment above his that I must have seen about his highest strikeouts... I r confused.
A necessary sacrifice to the VR gods and Lord GabeN
okay
problem fucking solved thanks a lot man i'm deleting this thread now
The video shows the whole interaction, not just the aftermath
do dare next time pls so i can dare you to compliment dhd
I would celebrate when that site dies down.
PC only?
Google Contact Lenses with Android^TM
With or without the increased damage?
U srs bruh?
This is great, didn't know i needed that funko until i saw this picture
Turns out they've been dying Jon's hair darker for the show.
I think he will lose NJ, NY, Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania- the election will be over before the polls close in Texas.
Thanks for the awesome tips!
well, seeing articles like this, the emigration rate and being economically behind the rest of 2004 EU-enlargement countries - they feel at least, that they need something to change
yes it's Larcade Dragneel
Pedophile on our streets having a whale of a time
This thread is just a huge circlejerk.
How is quickly slitting the jugular after being knock unconscious crueler than any other method of killing an animal for food?
Inside there's a recoil spring.
That seriously means nothing after you get the cards you want and the same cards to tourney cap
Heh heh, or maybe Sting is their 3rd brother
Your t-shirt looks like part of the tattoo from a distance
He fired up a lot of people who didn't even vote in the primaries, it seems.
And I'm sure they learnt their lesson.
He's a crooked tooth limey
D-does it she speak gaelic?
I want them to get married so she can be English English, an American
Wow we're internet famous you guys Hi secret internet reader persons!
Give me 3.6 million and we'll call it a deal.
Keep getting shit on until i get pissed and turn my game off
The whole Cornetto Trilogy
Well I'm sure the Anti-Tax Republicans will put a stop to this.
Joe will drop his favorite coffee cup.
Nope, artificial light is enough.
I recommend the VirtualBoyAdvance from Emuparadise.
Osteopathy is bullshit too though, there's plenty of quacks peddling that shit as a cure-all.
Dude, Aldo is a scrub and always has been.
Libya
He promises he won't say a peep.
Holy shit the thumbnail looked totally like Bisping messing around.
Kinda.
Fit isn't a food or drink.
Nate Arsenic, or Natesenic for short.
This is green erasure
Me neither.
FNC Cyanide :(
We're gonna need a bigger squeegee
Una hora y media de viaje, pero como 3 semanas para preparar el cohete para el despegue y como 8 horas para encontrar y recuperar los pasajeros que aterrizaron
Yeah, they come here, post their shat, then laugh/whine about it on their troll subs.
Must be pretty serious if all caps
well they did remove the best team in the world.
Right, only barely legal women are hot when they strip.
Is this a peculiar brand of white-person crazy?
Because there were no iPhones to compare it to.
1
platuim t may cause you to test positive for PCP
That UI plus the Domination Substratum theme, and I'm sure it'll be just fine
Only if you decide to take a swim next to "No Swimming" signs in FUCKING FLORIDA SWAMP WATER.
5/7 for the dismount.
What Pelicans?
Technically those aren't tanks.
na man you can see hes retarded b/c he allowed himself to get hit for 30s twice by gmaul
Well written Comrade, the Brass is impressed.
I think airheads was his best showing.
I can't tell if you're serious or if this is some next level shit posting...
Thingy McThingface.
To adapt a phrase, "everything is racism except racism which isn't that bad"
She was meta the second she was avaliable in pro play...
Cool - tim's in the left hand, clubhouse sandwich in the right, and I'm still legally driving - woohoo!
Hell, yes, every time they come in, they take up a ton of your staff's time, and buy the bare minimum at the lowest possible price with every discount going...and then imagine they're this VIP customer we couldn't bear to lose... Don't let the door hit you on the way out, dummy :)
You're welcome for the EPA
But I like my dog....
Literally unplayable
Nice to know that endangering customer's lives isn't nearly as bad of an offense as passing out drugs.
America 2, this time.....its personal
This is great
If you're Oscars-white, they'll be too busy looking at you instead of your tattoos.
bizarre HAHAHAHAHA
Rutger Worm MK II
Also (I think) using i3wm
At the moment, most times I'll still go support though if it's quick play I might just be stubborn.
Russel Peter's and his "I kill me" skit, granted it he was talking about Syrians, this was years ago
I think this one will work just as well "Hey I'm a creep who uses Pokemon pick up lines since I can't just talk to a girl and see whether she is possibly interested in me or not."
No full page ad, no care
Dude, Halloween stuff is on the shelves in some stores.
magnifique poste de merde
Well what about those in those areas who voted to remain?
If there's no stomping involved, it's not TF2.
Messaged you
So people can play together in private lobbies to avoid the mods and hacks that are rampant in public lobbies.
It won't piss the Iraqis off whatsoever!
Spray-tan lives matter!
Definitely interested, if you are selling.
They are, at least at the University of Colorado and University of Arizona.
Meme talent ?
Cenk?...
Til furries are turned on by water.
a
Hah, i just play turn 4 barnes into ysera, coin evolve and boom deathwing and earth elemental.
What changed about the navigation drawer?
I dont think anyone streams any game that long everyday
super competitive
Yep, his grandpa is a robot
Should've been "almost every major"
I really hope he never stops using that closing song, I think its the best outro music he's had in all the vlogs.
BUT THEY WERE ON HIS FUCKIN DRIVEWAY!
Don't you know your matchmaking rank is important xD?
No, we really need more trust fund hipsters here.
kaga
I thought it was lin and mango had the same
ITS MY TURN TO PROTECT YOU SNAKE
they have a tv show?
No wonder why Ubi is delaying the client side anti-cheat
pretty much what i stated to my friend, thanks for the insight good sir
Some random general release Jordan's
el caradura se hace llamar humorista... VENGAN CON ESOS DOWNVOTES CAGONES...
No I found your post, servers are just shitting the bed right now
something is fishy.
they come to him.
hey, hey, wanna buy my FUBAR?
You're probably right...certainly more than a single century.
Obligatory "but what do the Roman numerals mean" comment
lol
Why are you asking for an genocide of millions of people that just want to follow their religion faithfully
ah yes, fighting hate through hate......because that *always* works
Congrats to winners and and a BIG thank you to SoScared for organizing this!
And in that grip of death what dreams may come
Definitely not the coughing fits.
It sounds like he tried and the appeal was handled by GM_Szyslak That's not a conflict of interest at ALLLL
I love this game but Niantic should change literally every single gameplay mechanic!
20/20
Yes, no more pikachus until september :(
Something to do with immigrants and being in the EU?
I dont know but I am really hoping my friends will go to 16 handles with me so I can eat an inordinate amount of cookie dough and pretend it is a "topping"
ummhh... for P2P, i don't think your account is good
You could use them for Butcher's rage tokens, if you didn't already have rage specific ones.
*lying
Obviously because the top 1% has 77% of the total talent
4/12/2016 is April 12, 2016 in USA.
2x Light Mecha 1x Miracle Totem 1x Light Totem 1x Light Idol 1x Metal Mimic 1x Dragon Mimic 1x Legend Stone
Well, we did have Obama for 8 years.
This made me so happy to see as I had an appointment on Queen's Square yesterday and I saw a few Lures up.
Only issue I have had with my launch day console is the controller that came with it broke within two years.Never had that problem with the PS3 or PS2
Why would anyone read the rules before posting?
That's racist!
Don't be silly, they use the same 30 round mass-destruction clip-azine.
use Incognito.
If I pay $15 for a ticket, im sitting in that seat as long as I want.
based harada
Atherton already is intolerable, just not to Atherton residents.
he said rebalance not nerf to the ground
Yeah, probably.
why do they have a cell phone booth?
Public opinion is a fickle thing.
Vodka
Until a fucking screamer would pop out and fuck the whole thing up.
You do realize that that was never his name, right?
No, it's totally a different only friend.
I hope it is
Shit
The music matches pretty well.
I'll take that as a no.
Ranger has 4 more accuracy though, Tyro still sucks :-))))))))
That's a pretty reliable source right there...
No dude redditing is SRSBSNS
That's the most satisfying thing to do: rush a room that a Nomad's camping in, surrounded by HIVEs, and Gravity Spike him into oblivion, getting rid of all the HIVEs in the process.
Trail of tears worked for the Indians
Hoping for this too.
Railgun "The fastest gun in the West" Was the pitch for this game literally a bunch of puns to this effect?
Yes, we can steal it and make it our own.
**alot**
Yep, they built only half of the pipe
They are closet white supremacists.
barn barner* jeez guys, get it right
This just blew my mind.
So OP... is your wife single?
Anxiety is only going to make this problem worse.
But then they won't be able to get Rank 1 and be pro.
you forgot the
Shitpost #2719392 looks great too
Doesn't rule out the roommate's _mom_, though, who clearly has lots of respect for Anita and her family ...
Yeh, I am sure her nominees are going to be as conservative as the ones vetted by the Heritage Foundation that Trump will propose.
Dear u/Jaewok, We at r/worldnews find your comment despairing Muslims to be breaking out rules of 'no bigotry' therefore you are now banned from posting on r/worldnews.
The joke here is that, well, Fade is Fade ...
That doesn't contradict what I said.
Rowlet's cousin who happens to be Grass/Ground.
Should've been $40 like Ultimate Alliance
Yeah, Republicans are the party of hating veterans...that angle will surely work!
It's actually huehuehuehue
That's because your friends are racists obviously.
Condescension isn't that like rain or something
Now I know how Konami must have felt after endless delays from Kojima lol
This is usually also the same crowd who complains about console exclusivity, too :(
What time do they usually release updates?
It's 2016, don't you know that you can't do more than 2 way SLI on Pascal?
That's the mom, you insensitive twat!
It's a crochet hook.
I don't know if you should hear that about your moms favorite positions.
What's the point of DDOSing almost anything?
As someone who left community college and then spent a year working retail before going to a 4 year school I know that feeling.
Pretty sure they can't claim ignorance if they've been told it's happening though.
They should get a balance transfer at 0% APR for 12 months!
No, it's actually made off of solid diamond.
If playing a female character means you're gay or trans, my SO and his 8 female Blood-elf hunters he played when he used to multibox on WoW have got lots of 'splainin' to do.
Because they paid for it!
I wonder why
Yeah that worked out well in Zimbabwe.
Stark by far.
patrick and spongebob both still have their faces, 0/10
WHAT UP NOW SWEDES
2509-3522-3377
He recorded 'The Wind' after he had been diagnosed.
no
Because that's how you create healthy discussions
Only a perfect game would have been acceptable, this wasn't good enough
Right I means it's only been 4 years plus.
This is why naming it "Xbox One" was a bad idea.
I took the hit on performance because I'm so lazy that I'd rather just buy an extreme budget card like the 1070 and switch them than to clean out the dust on the current one
There will be announcements August 24th about the MMPR rules and home grow, November update from the task force, and probably Q2 2017 legalization.
10 quadrillion dollars.
my finger slipped deal with it
Yes women should have complete control over their husbands.
are you one of those people?
As a sassy and upfront, yet gentle Virgo, I must disagree with you!
Because no one had ever heard of Donald Trump until he started running for president.
Casual, need a 11
Because facts are liberal propaganda
What about a sign with "Rush B Cyka Blyat"?
Both actions seem like gossip fuel, attention grab
Does hacking run in the family too?
They take photo with Schooling post on Facebook.
Genitals.
Yeah, pretty short (1 meter I think)
She didn't send him tit pics.
What about stadium announcement and then 3rd kit announcement, only for mata and james to walk out in the 3rd kit
GOOD TIMES AHEAD FRIEND, A SHAME THAT SUMMER AND NOT WINTER IS COMING
Obviously too dangerous then.
What if your internet was fine and u were just being DDoS'ed the whole time..
I think you may have been high...when you watched that episode
But mah ironman
Yup, I heard brown and yellow people are good for target practice
BECAUSE YOU DONT AGREE WITH ME AND ME MUM SAID IM SPECIAL SO FUCK YOU HATER
I'm shocked they haven't raped and pillaged your village yet.
Give him Pure Power.
Well it's not that the North gets less funding, it's just that there's so many immigrants up there that the funding per person is 6x lower
what's wrong with praising the allmighty and then atacking a terrorist group?
Yes.
Fun fact about this fight That kick left a permanent dent in Josh Thomson's shin.
But... you can't see heart gainz...
Bruh, don't be a Dak about it
Monster Hunter Generations logo?
Forgot the
Because there are literally no straight people that engage in similar risky sex at all.
settling vibe i dunno i feel unsettled around you
Self-complimenting, smart people don't do that, like me.
here to save the DCEU.
*Zat* vas doctor assisted homicide!
that's racist
Lol screw it nobody is going to daft someone as bad as this
That and a 99 summoning requirement.
Are we turning on gravity now?
I have an MSI Krait board
no way this is how cam is going to look every game now
Dating, slept with, hog-tied to the bedposts -- same thing.
Surely you wouldn't suggest that some Good Christian would stoop so low as to vandalize your car because they saw something they didn't like?
I remember ranma 1/2 having a couple of episodes like that
I don't look like a suitable mom?
Fits right in with his deli fascist ways
Does this mean Bobbi x Jemma is for sure not happening :(
care to tell us some of the things you think needed fixing?
**One of us one of us one of us**
No super majority so the Republicans could and did throw up major road blocks at every opportunity AND he brought troops out of Iraq
I'm positive the same would be said about you when you see death.
Craigslist
To pick DPS heroes and yolo into the enemy to get PotG regardless of OBJ obviously.
No casual dota 2 player would shell out the money to get this terrain.
Ik but I shoulda put
Could have really used those 2 points lol
SMT x FE already exist though
Yeah, it's such a SHAME that I don't get a high from killing and don't know what killing is like.
This is gif is not altered in any way, she actually did this
Yes thats possible, F1 instead solves this by using the MGU-H as a makeshift supercharger to spool-up the turbo and eliminate lag.
She's a woman
Yes, just like candidates can't coordinate with SuperPACs.
You just don't understand statistics!
Make it 1 iron and you got yourself a deal.
I feel like this should have an NSFW tag.
totally equivalent to what I was saying.
This joke never gets old
Indeed, that's because they don't exist.
I think the grunt birthday party thing from halo should be implemented when someone gets detonated.
Yes he is.
TIL an admittedly big stun, though choreographed, and one slow is a shit ton of CC.
This is why I think it's ok to sell cigarettes to children
That's why you add an
Winslow played too good d, should be a foul for contestin without touching him, blocked his view of the basket should be illegal
You killed the dog?
sooooooo risky
No you dingus, the tall crazy brown hair dude from Seinfeld!
Clearly someone's feelings should be the basis of law and will totally be useful in court.
Cuz muh LSD's cant hurt nobody, spiritual cure for everything weed doesnt fix bro.
Clearly, income inequality isn't as big of an issue in Venezuela as it is in capitalist countries.
We don't need someone who does their job in politics.
fail, not a skyrim female.
Islam: the religion of peace
It's rich to blame the NDP after 40 years of uninterrupted Conservative rule...
No, she clearly doesn't care about the team at all and is just trying to collect a paycheck.
He sure scared us.
A small breach of a million unsalted passwords, we care about sodium consumption folks, we have the healthiest passwords
That's the problem, she was invisible in her fatness!
Clearly you got lost....let me get you directions back to Dota ;)
HD Remix Accent # Core Reloaded
Just wait for the driver update
The house of Lannister gets half of the row, I see.
Do you get one as part of the normal subscription?
Chris Evans (the actor) peaked when he played Jake in "Not Another Teen Movie."
After calling many of the residents of the state rapists and drug dealers, I'm sure he'll walk away with a win there.
but Liriano is a lefty!
Ah you silly gurl, just wait till you find the right man who will fuck some sense into you
But be careful, you might need a safe space after listening.
Yeah, all those useless engineering degrees wouldn't be worth it if they were free
And that's a great strategy, sometimes you don't get any kills because your friends get good roaming kills, but sometimes you have to like 3v5 the enemy team with the few defenders who stay on point.
This kind of disdain for conventions is why Hillary can bring the change we need!
Nope, some are repeated
I feel like Daley with a broken ankle is still faster than Maatta
I don't; I don't care what they think if I'm not trying to fuck them.
No, i am still saving for the parkhan
well he's wearing a padded vest so maybe that helps
what is the name of the ballot one should request if not a provisional ballot?
Oh look, hot pink, how original.
Clearly it's just a strat he's using because you can't approach
Slimy scam artists
thought you had to check if may utak sila.
Just a little:(
F2p legendaries are worth more money
This is why we need government run health care!
Yeah.....I can see the difference.
My bad, man.
Yeah, it actually is pretty fucking sectarian.
But they have the truth and WE'RE the conspiracy theorists.... Because we all know truth is based on feelings and conspiracy theories are based on facts.
So then your right, he'll say nothing about the emails because he's afraid of the establishments reaction or voters reaction to her scandal.
But look how much adversity your white privilege carried you through
Exactly - how else do you think we're able to type arcane words in to the command prompt and the computer mysteriously starts working again?
Armour HACs, that's were it's at right now, going full circle back to 2009...
Oops, looks like someone forgot to turn their chemtrails
At this point I don't think Satan would want to associate with Clinton.
To save time you should just call all of us degenerates
Cosmos would've won had he used male Corrin.
Don't worry guys, its not a problem because it only affects "those" people.
Well she's a keeper
Because it's low-brow, flashy and kiddy, that makes it bad!
Yes, these Trump supporters are well known for their sharp, flawless memories and understanding of party dynamics.
BO2 Grip
You really shouldn't allow your son to go in the jellyfish tank.
Because the ps4 is ohh so quiet..
No I think if Obama says radical islam in a speech then the problem will end.
I have no idea why you would think r/overwatch would enjoy this.
Because that'll solve all the problems
They need to enact reasonable gun control to prevent things like this.
that was sarcasm... But I guess people are too young on this sub to understand that... My bad next time I will do
At least they talk about it on the news.
Coach Nick?
GoldenEye?
Why would Monte want to be like Krepo?
YOU NEED JESUS FAM
haha funny
[Just so you know, the titan's are basically dead, and only their spirits are alive.]
She totally knows 42k people
She was probably "asking" for it.
Same duration of Yoels suspension.....Makes perfect sense
R/hailcorporate
Nope, I loathe privacy
But it doesn't clock 1400mhz like a completely unrelated architecture does, so it's literally the holocaust.
How much your final recalibrated MMR differed from your normal one?
But the crusades!....
No, it was a popular move to use on the fast break in the 70's and 80's.
I can't even tell if you are Asian or not :(
Stop trying to be politically correct just call him black.
brb changing flair
The police didn't need a metal detector since they are the ones who put all of the evidence there, they knew where everything was.
Unless using the Play Store, gotta have that 980 Ti SLI setup to stop framedrops there.
Well her fiancee was not even picking her up after work, he was clearly asking for it
You're right, the question you were responding to probably has no relevance to your replies...
COD 1v1 quick scopes on Rust bruh
Women only exist as sexual objects, so yea - makes sense.
30 mins more :) yes it's a trap because you have no way of disconnecting and once you read this post you cannot decide for yourself anymore.
Gee thanks for clarifying man
Woods is active
The only responses I got when I gave veganism a test run(working my way back to it currently) is I could never do that, or if it doesn't have meat it's not a meal.
I played the lesser known game called Boom Bots by the same people.
It was really funny to see this get upvoted so heavily, and then crash down after comments made it clear what it actually said for the people not clicking the article.
Relax... he's clean
Yes, the starting line ups are out.
TL;DR
But the courts are supposed to enforce the Constitution we have, not their own views as to what would be the most practically useful set of rights in today's world.
All he he needs is one mic, one shot, one implication.
Online death threats are nothing more than the equivalent of telling someone to go fuck themselves.
But Trump has bots on twitter so it's all good.
Just out of curiosity, what would LeBron have to do before he retires for you to consider him the GOAT over Jordan?
If he didn't get hurt in his camp, he probalby lands that kick 11 out of 10 times.
Hopefully Davlin Cook doesn't buy his younger brother a Cadillac before he even gets to FSU.
Please flair this post as "Official Spoilers!"
She's a Tory
You'd need to look at gun clubs in your area and start networking with people
Not every class hall even has npcs from the playable races, unfortunately
Nice meme
Our Lord and Savior's jersey...
That actually sounds awesome
But hims just a wittle guy!
What the fuck
*SNES
the German state continues to be the German state, we haven't magically changed our legal entity because of WW2
And a fifth of her supporters think she's a criminal
Damn German soldiers could never figure out how to do a proper marching order.
Behind him are apparently the early sketches of Donnie Darko.
Fucking James and his car a oj bullshit
This isn't about Bishop or his ability to play; it's more about the way that the NHL does things.
Push it real good.
I dunno, Rio seems to be doing a pretty good job.
Soft skin and looking to be offended.
Yes they are
And that's why spousal rape was still legal up until 94'.
Don't ever laugh as a hearse goes by For you may be the next to die
Can't review fouls like that...and trip or no trip the shooter still got fouled
Haha, i honestly dunno who he is...if i do i don't recognize the name.
Wow ahAAHHAHAhahahA never seen this before.
But he promised
You're a damned retarded person.
This actualy seems really strong in Riku edh with Seasons Past.
Thought the same thing
I really hope they do this
Stop shaming pedophiles
shit son it's like a pop punk gig
Gunslinger only playlist
Pfft I could have went right around that car no problem
Correctus
Guess you can identify too, Big_Dirty_Piss_Boner.
NC get bonus checks, TR get extra rations.
According to Frontier's stated number of 400 billion systems, that'd be 0.001%.
227 thanks
TIL Bret and Owen Hart are brothers.
Is it just me or does she look highly uninterested in the court proceedings?
how are defence heroes useless?
They said maybe, and the previous idea wasn't mentioning using 3 salvage Dragon Chainbodies, if they only use 1 Chainbody each Platebody then Platebody becomes common and Chainbody will remain cheap.
I heard he is the Hitler of movies.
The L is the wrong way round, methinks its faked.
That's horrifying
there were very small islands that popped up once and a while
Wait for 20 minutes and go for baron regardless of the situation
hurt my wallet not a little, for sure
Except you have no fucking clue.
If it's not striker, sentry, or TA it's trash, obviously.
Need a wahmbulance?
Woolie has gone on record in the walking dead season 1 lp that he wishes Clementine was more like Casca, with that in mind, who is Femto, if you know what I mean.
Tim Cahill.
Mecha
Doing kvyat favors
TL;DR Kyubey is a donkey fucker
you just yell COLON THREE really loudly ^^:3
Considering that I live just under a mile from where I work, I wouldn't really end up with much extra time.
Nono, it'll be on par with the 1080ti.
its happend before
Vault 111 has a severe lack of Tunnel Snakes
Yea rich Obama, born into that wealthy household
*fursecute* me
damn cold
And in spite of this being the ultimate comeback kid, American dream, work hard, do anything, one in a million story, conservatives still hate his guts and everything about his story.
I'm starting an online petition for a recount of the watermexit!
3x for NC
Well looks like your mom's gonna have a Good time at RTX.
They're the whitest whites yet the Syrian Americans were considered "white" before them.
just be yourself, that's what girls like, Fucking lol
President Romney can breath a sigh of relief.
This election needs more Sting.
I think we all can agree that these Youtube tributes are all shit.
And they wonder why they say written media is dead.
Can't die as yasuo, either.
Cancer is a very serious answer.
Well, rumored 470x price is not exactly good for Polaris 10 as *budget buyer's choice*.
The Internet was invented FOR Weird Al.
I don't know about you guys, but I kinda like this game.
That first sentence = XD
The match is fantastic, but I won't lie, the only thing I was thinking while watching it was "Man, imagine a Nakamura entrance at Wrestlemania".
I wouldn't call her an edge Lord when you consider the insane life she's lead.
I really hope you dropped your
Pot, meet kettle
**For me the time line was messed up for centuries**
[](/ppshoulder)I'll give some advice... don't have a cat if you don't like the smell of their piss.
Got damn son
Cool, will do, thanks.
But why don't we get straight pride parades?
Well his channel is dedicated to studying art and animation, it makes sense to focus on an animated band.
Maybe with a little help from everyone's favorite pirate, Hondo.
I would think they would bring in the greatest leader in sports to help Bo hone his leadership skills and give him tips on developing his head size, etc.
Can confirm, showed my SO this picture and she knew her, said super crazy feminist bitch.
Haha that's beautiful
Yeah, no one expect the damage it will do early too!
Then they are unsafe atomizers that should be boycotted.
I miss Scotland :/
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
lmao, gunning is easily the most difficult wep type imho.
You dropped this
Even the dead have some rights.
Why are you downgrading?
Wow, I was really surprised people rated the new Mad Max higher than the 2nd one.
Kinda off topic but I have an XFX XTR Gold 650W PSU, can I switch to an 850W XTR PSU and keep the same cables?
You would've taken him down with your ugly ass face, we know.
BLM doesn't even address the thousands dying of famine in North Korea
IW multiplayer by far, especially the movememt system, the equivalent to BO3s specialists and the potential return of weapon variants.
Losing really does bring out the dumbest fans.
So, you don't think a 20C shift is at all significant?
Apparently, you can download Ingress and use it to map pokestops and gyms because Niantic just used the portals from Ingress to plot landmarks in GO.
First time I hear of Pacoima in the wild and he's pointing out how shitty it is... of course
True... I guess only brazilian violence counts.
Comes out with pro dynamic queue propaganda then announces he will be on the LCS analyst desk, no possible conflict of interest?
Germany before Austria == not last
should be reacting in entirely new ways
Well she wont exactly fade away into some unknown person now that this is part of internet history haha.
I'm still campaigning for a redo in the 2008 Presidential election.
The Obama administration in a nutshell "weak tea"
Do they worship Helix or Flareon?
Must be time to restock the liquor cabinet.
Cute.
Telewizja Polska reports, u/NoGuide "is very pleased with Poland!"
We can't talk about facts that negatively affect the black community because that gives racists power
It obviouly identifies as a shark, shitlord.
Its a trap?
Because their ideologies are so similar
Oh no not teamwork in a team game!
Spreading rumors is one thing, having proof is a completely different thing.
You're going to have a bad time if you base yourself on order books.
hey, sign the petition and they will develop the game.
C R I K E Y R I K E Y
wow great DD thanks man
Guess which guy came in as a free agent and got to sign a great contract and which didn't.
but but but Jordan never joined any super teams!
Harvest lots of gold and trade in research
Retarded comment
Why are you spamming this same comment on every article
Or that.
In my own underpants.
I predict this isn't the last time she'll be on her knees in your office...
Dion Phaneuf for Matt Stajan and some spare parts.
Sorry for being an annoying asshole, but I just have to ask, do you and your friends usually heed your mom's advice or when you think a guy is your friend's type?
Considering i was pretty young at the time i dont think the currency rewards made sense to me anyway i just enjoyed the senseless internet violence.
Insanely intense mechanics
NEST OF DOORS IN POSITION
On Cobble in the room with the spiral staircase that connects to drop, there is a whole second floor with a bunch construction equipment stored.
Hey, if the regular Pokemon game main characters can bike around their entire countries, you've got no excuse!
Shill
This is the last sub I would expect to b part of the undertale hate circlejerk
I'll give you my upvote!
Fucking Lochness Monster.
There's an icon with two hands shaking in the bottom right.
LOOK OUT RUBIO AND DUNN - YOU BOTH 'BOUT TO BE TRADED!
or Wise...I think it was like a wide pringles can that was filled with hickory sticks
...that border Australia.
Spot on, that's our little TT....
I'M THE JUGGERNAUT!
At least they're consistent where they're blaming the object, not the person
That sounds like it would make great TV.
Ok bb
Clearly the cop was in fear for his life because the car could drive away, take a U turn, speed up and come back to run over the cop.
So apart from 10 million potential asylum seekers from Syria now we are going to face 50 million asylum seekers from Turkey?
The Matrix mod.
Nobody sits in bleachers anymore
Fear me, tax collectors!
The first time or the second time?
ya lets just hold people accountable for what their ancestors did that'll end well
Excellent work Kentucky, you banned knives and everyone shot themselves in the head!
down
You actually agree to agree to all of them in the beginning when they tell you you will be required to make covenants and if you don't want to to raise your hand.
It's cool the environment is invulnerable
What makes you think they couldn't handle being sovereign?
your kind is not allowed to comment here
You're white ... stop with all that bs.
Given the phrase was originally coined by a comedian satirising exactlythat, yeah, its meant to be insulting.
say, give me gold.
Which involves hurting one another.
Seeing as I've played the beta for more than a month, yeah I would.
No, I just don't see their point in our day to day lives.
oh we know the government wasted millions of taxpayers money sending out leaflets trying to convince people to voting to stay in the EU.
Zack the ripper, the sack ripper.
I supported it the whole time so yep, politifact is still a good resource, even if it reflects poorly on a candidate I like
We are gonna need the entire cyber police to stop her
Looks like something from total war games
That eye black...
Let's do this shit!
I find your leaps of logic disturbing.
Most likely International Education
the video wasnt created days before at all
That means everyone kisses you, right?
Also wondering how his 11 lows fit
Time for your vaccination.
Correct.
Oh please, Mekansm has 65 second cooldown, while the restore buff lasts for 25 seconds, which means you can easily get 2 heals in that time frame.
I get "overlaps" when I have dogs.
Cons: You have to turn your head to see the whole screen :))
No Inferno, no king of banana.
you mean I shouldn't be worried about reptilian overlords?
That had better not be gluten-free too, otherwise it's illegal.
And they will clearly change nothing now....
Well, if it makes them feel better they won according to Swedish public service news
Self hate?
I should be mayor, I too am a son of a bus driver.
A thread that doesn't involve chu8 or astral, what's this doing upvoted?
Don't worry I've got
You can said that it is, her *demonic nature...*
Aren't his foreign policy ideas in line with Clinton's?
A Dem sweep would most assuredly not give his policies a chance to be enacted because the establishment has very clearly shown they don't give two shits about his policies or his supporters.
hitler was half-filipino who was fathered by Jose Rizal, whose secret identity was Jack the Ripper
Cavalier King Charles Spaniels are bred to be photogenic and lap warmers
Yeah that Texas delegation looks demographically representative.
Don't throw it in a fire
Class act, but hope he gets better on the court
That awkward moment when he tells the truth that people aren't supposed to know about.
Because telling people that you know what they believe better than they do is a surefire way to get them on your side.
Hillary Clinton gets caught on camera making out with Donald Trump backstage at one of the debates
How the hell is someone like Trump a Republican nominee and a politician who has such a good grip on modern technology and surveillance like Rand Paul gets totally overlooked?
why wouldn't you get a Stoner jersey?
Maybe he is in the Chinese military...
According to House of Cards, the new president nominates a new VP, then the Senate confirms the nomination.
Any lie can be ground under repair, because there is no ground that couldn't use a little repair
well you certainly got that point across very well with your single image and all.
It'll be back up soon, she's just working on stealing Michelle's degree.
Are they not?
How can I get windows 10?
Porn store mascot?
bear spray like oversized mace?
Incredible realism
If you are on PC or Xbox, there are mods that add new workshop items, including bathtubs and showers.
No one is going to be forced to perform the procedure if they don't want to.
Somebody has to *manage* the McDonald's
You've just made so many people's days.
Dude needs to work on his shoulders.
Yeah, sounds just *awful* down there.
The thing is, it shouldn't mean taking the front clip off for a frigging generator.
Constructive and helpful.
But Destiny doesn't support 1440p
.. or Jews.
But how is USA going to call in NATO to its own wars otherwise?
Now, that's an original casting choice
Jokes on you I die in 1 piece as a skeleton.
The most unsexy but largely important issue
Anyone that says anything bad about this article is a shill!
Obvious aimbot
Christmas event 2 years ago.
Is it weird that in my head I read it in Hank's voice?
Lets not forget Cozens also had a triple tonight, and went 4/5 yesterday with 3 homeruns and a triple.
Taken out of context lang yan.
nothing like a hard fought round where you win with less than 10 seconds left only to lose the next round in one single push
ok but Trump is a strait white guy so none of this matters
Nah, that would work on Dark Seer though.
and teh future dubsteps
I mean, we can always sign a petition!
You didn't know that you can throw a bullet fast enough to kill someone?
Let's just arrest anyone who has downloaded Pokemon Go!
Shitposts are hard to do and take a lot of time.
That's why they wear all that safety gear.
But eventually a "P"!
Just like Hillary's brain
I just want to see Chromebooks wreck the Microsoft business model of charging $100 for Windows when a consumer builds a machine themselves, instead of buying a pre-built unit with crap parts that fail right after the warranty expires.
Lu Bu is that you?
Found the O's fan
Yes, why on earth would the transformation from an normal citizen to a murdering lunatic by interacting with a single person be at all interesting?
Having mostly-black classes has been trialed at many inner-city schools with resounding success!
Sooo handouts?
With magic and black fuckery
She will never see it coming.
Exactly what we need!
Same
Jeez Grandpa, nobody says "dope" anymore, ugh
I know, lol.
Tranne agli immigrati
Ok.
Yeah, fuck well maintained infrastructure and a solid healthcare system that won't leave you with crushing debt just because you got sick.
Are you limiting his way of expression?
That is just a made up story by the liberal media to make Cheeto Mussolini look bad
Not sure if retarded or
I'll watch the shit out of anything Anthony Bourdain does for this reason
Because I have better things to do with my time.
Yeah it was really frustrating :/ First we went with the main event, then when that failed by less than 1%, they restarted it via a guild, that run got even more swamped with trolls, and we failed hard :/ All in all an hour of concerted effort wasted :/
What the good chosen people on r politicaldiscussion said it's proof he was putins longtime boyfriend did they lie impossible
Take my upvote and don't talk to me or my children ever again
But what are they going to add to the PS4s v2.13 if they allowed all the old features present in last gen to be available now?
But if it's a cartoon it must be for younger people.
Yeah, its a shame those wealthy Detroit bureaucrats are just hoarding their fat stacks of cash they made off that booming industry they've got.
They could always CGI it.
Is this a roommate ad or did I accidentally stumble onto Backpage escorts?
The whole premise of Deus Ex is to fight the Illuminati, so makes sense for media not to mention it.
I liked it better in closed beta personally, where the glow only showed when you hovered over the card and commons didn't have a glow at all.
Yeah, because as we've seen in the past, whenever the west gets rid of a totalitarian leader, democracy and stability follow!
Pls win
That high dmg team comp with 3 infernal drakes definitely scripted
But I thought only capitalism could save Greece.
OP should just do some halfass shitty Doberman-esque surgery immediately to correct the ear situation.
I'll just buy it at the stock price then, thank you for clarifying!
Yeah, so weird, the guy you're going on a date with likes talking to you.
Fucking nazis!
R/... Triggered
Ooooh, burn
You're right, people with depression are homicidal maniacs and clearly in the same category of danger as psychopaths
I think you forgot
Wait, Microsoft has a help desk line for virus removal?
And if you're unlucky they can get "bigger" as your band size drops.
Shut it.
Nuh his stepdad is half aboriginal or something so it's ok.
Also add in Manus and Fume Knight
WU TANG CLAN
the iPPC fans are great looking IMO
that will get them on his side
But weed isn't addictive
But wearing the headscarf is completely her choice.
Love that story for the fact that someone actually wardecced, instead of just ganking with an arty thrasher.
That's not even Stalin actually, it's a model who posed for the book 'Young Stalin...
The only winning move is not to play.
Oh, like regular couples
Shake weight.
Yeah, and that guy from 127 Hours can't complain about chopping off his own arm since he got a book and movie deal out of it.
Unless hillary wins then it must've been fraud.
No, he invests League money into other games, sub optimal owner.
I never said anything about a crash cage on a bike.
Something something sombra.
This class is hella lame.
i see that little faggot weidon's back
And because the press in India is known for its exceptional fairness and being objective.
That made me laugh, thanks!
I don't know the exact times but I'm 90% sure respawn timer + running back to the point would've taken longer
Officers arrest this man for tax evasion
That guy that wants to gank for you until you're 0/3 at 6 mins and would only cause a double kill if he ganked at that point.
A lil Hep-C never hurt anybody
Wow, Italians have found a subtle way to make Portugal and GREECE to be part of Spain, lol.
6 years really isn't that long, especially when alot of the greats are still playing, maybe when mata faker imp etc retire then definitely.
This.
In recent news, BPA is found to be extremely effective permanent birth control.
This was dumb.
Dirty cultist!
nah i was just trying to help my teammates get those sweet, sweet assists
NOT OUR TANK COMMANDER
Cops got word that one of the special needs kids on board was in possession of a small amount of cannabis oil.
Sure man I'm here.
Me and a buddy got demolished by food poisoning after eating at Jinya D: It was super sad cause we both loved the place (went ~once a week), but now we can't bring ourselves to go back and risk it.
But my specific personal experience *totally* proves it's not a gendered issue!
Future Trunks comes back in time after having discovered God Blutz waves
And stop picking on people.
Well its better than cunty mccuntface
Since you upset him you mustn't be female or have glorious herpes.
because it worked before and now it doesn't, so it's the network guy's fault and his responsibility.
Link to ENB, plz.
**GOLDMAN Sachs** Checkmate
As an American at least, I wish the RWB stripes looked more like our flag, I know these stripes are more generic, but knowing that Ubisoft is French all I see is their flag, you know, the one that's *always* associated with bravery?
Is the MTGO judge in on this suit?
Runs Android N This phone is laggy as hell
But her down b does nothing!
Well if she can't do three pull ups, she better be beautiful.
#noot noot
Burnt gas smells like wood varnish, which can be a good thing.
Yes the same rules apply to all projectiles that do not instantly do damage, basically anything with a flight-time slower than a bullet.
apparently his poor boner is the real victim in all this.
Everything.
Yeah but just look at Tom Brady, he can do it!
this is part of the 10/10 tier
ace with blackbeard...haven't seen that one before
Yeah I could play just like roca, just not trying hard enough
This comment section is full of smartasses, I love it.
I assume she taught you the meaning of the word fortnight
yeah it shouldn't one shot hs an should cost just a little more
You mean raid 1?
That's just a list of women's books
Playoff Kyle Lowry next year
I'm sorry, but after the panama papers I don't find myself being attracted to her anymore.
It looks kinda like the writing from The Chamber of Secrets gotrade staff = basilisks confirmed
To be fair, what were you doing driving on the sidewalk anyways?
Or just stick to speeding on the interstate like you robbed a bank, high on meth, and stole a car with a crying, insufferable child in the back seat.
Maybe he's just bad y'know
O
EXPLOSION NOISE!
IKR, c'mon don't call those blatant penalties.
Cyka !
we smart, we loyal, we make deals and pussy out ...
i wonder if lebrizzle will be watching
as a former aircraft mechanic, anytime anyone tries to lecture me about "chemtrails"
I am sorry to inform you, but the 14.7 pounds of wind pressure it's the reason you can't fly.
If you zoom deep enough you will bypass the firewall and gain root access
Are you 10?
How dare you have an epeen # lower than 4000 associated with your name!
Nope, even basic level towers are capable of destroying a siege tower before it gets in range, found that out the hard way.
Yes, clearly that's the reason why NASL is bringing on the Delta's.
Because yelling things loudly and repeatedly is how you establish the truth.
The description of Teen Titians Go says that we are suppose to be watching what they do when they aren't fighting crime, so I kind of forgive them.
But camping is a legitimate strategy!
Yes because all these single parent children are showing us all how a stable family environment is outdated and unnecessary.
Just like being the only person on the team warding right
I thought everyone knew that?
Not even the Health Minister's fat!
I really like the talent that gives me 2,5% more damage on my chaos bolt, that is really fun.
Damn, Google Chrome is heavy.
I hate people like you.
Might as well build an e-wall to keep then out, too.
May not be officaly confrimed but it is theoretically confirmed.
YOU'RE LOOKING A LITTLE GREEN
Wanna trade Coolers?
So how much did you sell your account for?
Theres been like a dozen Legend of Zeldas, you would think eventually we would have a female Zelda by now.
A couple hundred dollars in property damage is a perfectly reasonable response to bad parking
Should've bought the 1080
Yeah but don't forget Trump is planning to take California and New York so that evens up the numbers.
But what if I have nothing to hide?
He'll defeat Trump by continuing his campaign for the presidency, duh!
It's their 1st Amendment freedom to worship!
I thought they assimilated into the culture of mass shootings pretty well.
That seems a little extreme
Abort?
Um remember NY is in play, just like California
Right and nobody watching the interview on tv would interpret it in its modern sense.
Was expecting a doc on the GTA Mod, got definitely bunt on this one
New 3DSs don't come with a charger.
My kids have seen me pick up snakes, so I am definitely going to sue myself when one of them tries it.
Please tell me that's supposed have a
I've made a minor adjustment to this, updating the site now before work.
Sounds logical
What you mean she didn't trip and land face first on his crotch is an option?
They have more information than you think, email them if you actually think it was a false positive.....
Like, omg did you see his short fat fingers, that means he's ugly and it's fucked up.
Sieg heil.
Vote to leave the EU, it'll be fine really guys.
Big boned.
Good thing the Democratic nominee has distanced herself so far from big banks.
Yeh he won all those championships by being a fake wrestler for scripted entertainments hes really skilled...
Haven't done anything wrong, yeeeet
All of his audiences and stage setups are ridiculously construed, it's obviously all paid for
ah bueno si es por eso venezuela es el pais mas bello del mundo
Get out of here with your logic and reason.
When are we going to outlaw these muder tools to protect our precious children from tragedys like this
I'm surprised the ladies aren't fighting over this catch!
Gurren lagann, big, bigger, biggest, lol wut, wtf, HUGE, fuck logic, Best scaling ever
Well rather than a secure boarder - have you considered making America so shitty that people just stop wanting to come here?
Wow that is the worst designed sink ever
Yeah totally can't wait for the next SRL type event, maybe shuffleboard at the tower, or bingo night with Xur.
Obviously, if that girl wasn't wasting time playing with the dog and using her white privilege on the street they would be rich.
yeah fuck you we can't have different opinions
But Sanders has the support of all the college students, they can't be dumb.
All good, was just getting creative haha.
Really smooth and great sense of weight nice work!
PURGE THE CONSOLE USERS!
I love it, thank you
Is there a sub reddit or name for these kinds of pictures?
From what it seems, they will make a difficult catch, maybe in a tight window or traffic, take about three steps and decide they want to drop the ball...
It always feels like the tentacles swing too many times or not enough idk what determines when they swing
Maybe you shouldn't be teaching kindergarten.
Speak Spanish
Fucking Nihlists.
Probably not for this event.
I can do backwards double unders way easier than I can forward.
OMG, I need to get this Mario Kart game for the Xbox!
holy shit who actually uprooted this worthless shit
Please don't link to sites that have pop-ups saying my phone is "heavily damaged" and making it vibrate
Odds are he's never even used SQL, and is just being clever by parroting an XKCD meme.
Holy fuck I thought shit was about to get real
User fee's and tariff's are the most widely proposed.
Mine says unable to purchase
S TOO O N
How lucky I am to have something so good that it makes saying goodbye so hard - A. A. Milne (Winnie the Pooh)
The 1st and only universal rule: Don't be a dick.
Rhetorical question, implies the asker's opinion.
Just always keep an adapted at work and Bob's place.
This gives me New Vegas flashbacks of Fisto.
Terrible things come in (not so small) packages.
K den
At least link to the video and not some trash news site
Golden State everything
Haven't gotten a positive opk either :(
what about progressive taxation?
I heard Ron Swanson reading this.
Reddit, not 4chan
The first line is a quote.
People who dress differently than you ruined a whole city?
tl:dr - city is greedy and uses the fees to fund city expensive instead of going to the park department to maintain the courts
If I were American I'd vote Bush again over either of them.
It's Meredith the carpathian bruh.
You forgot the
Totally missed char the first dozen times.
But... DAE TRUMP = NAZI XDDDDD le hitler gassed Jews like trump will kill all mexicos!
We cannot into friendlies.
Was he celebrating the JFK assasination or something?
You say kidnap, I say arrest
Thanks, now I don't have to search for these images myself.
Presumably.
Next time add a
Here and there I actually see people wearing them.
Exactly like Herbert's Dune and Lynch's Dune.
Even then, Stafford is better than a bottom 4 pairing, especially when Leafs have tons of dman depth.
So we don't think, we know
Casual players are best players.
Has anyone been able to approve an electronic muster without going in and adding something, like a carriage return, to the Tasks and Accomplishments field for each DP?
You mean the brand owned by Budweiser?
I'm not gonna roast you, i'm not homophobic.
He won't play football in the cold unless he wears a hoodie, though
Tomorrow's headline will be "Nintendo issues cease and desist notice to Majora's Mask fan film."
Just give it a chance, is all I'm saying.
Should just trade for Thon Maker
I have a 38.5" chest, I wear a size small for casual shirts, and 38r/39r for jackets.
Unfreezing assests.
...and live there until out of weed and alcohol.
probably.
Astralis living up to the meme of never getting past semis.
I hate the company, I like the shitposts.
No just took a couple really hard hits because he was behind mostly back up line men
Alcohol = worst thing ever Weed = best thing ever
**CRITHACKS**
That was not fun.
Obviously because the government wants you to poison yourself with it.
Thanks for that, haven't played since 6.83; was unaware of new large camp pull for the new map.
He's so very special, I wish I was special...
Wow...
those are disguisting
Yeah, we'd be holding hands with each other and dancing under rainbows!
No, just a shit title.
Right because Trump's incendiary rhetoric was not a problem before this beating.
Yeah, let's laugh at those dirty homeless people, right?
Gimme Fei Long in SFV next year
I would watch the shit out of that.
Church of Scotland
They just don't get it.
If the bear hunting in ontario is successful and people stick to shooting burins the bear population should increase.
yes, absolutely.
Sell them
I'm guessing it's not "bake a lovely cake for your birthday" or "complain about your parents together"
:O
Pogba said that just before going to United.
totally worthwhile bump.
Not that big of a problem when they already have a functioning one on PC.
Its like a cartoon.
Season 6 Finale of The Walking Dead.
SOURCE?
Pretty sure it goes back to normal when the dust settles.
No idea... perhaps some other random setting stopping it?
Ah I see, sorry.
Lol, by that logic Goldman Sachs are angels and did nothing wrong.
Given Canova's performance in his AMA and debate, and his really unflattering and classless response to his defeat, I'd say Sanders made a wise decision giving him a pretty wide berth.
Platform framing mostly
*looks at flamingo* It's a weasel!
evan "the logo" turner
And if not, I'm fucked... I'm looking to fix this before I reboot my PC IF my download was compromised.
Never understood why this had such support... Mob justice is a joke, blizzard isn't going to waste resources to have GMs investigate silence reports 24/7 and we already have tools in the game to report/ignore/word filter.
Then how can you call them friends?
More proof that the EU is totally democratic...
Just download more ram!
Fuck it I'm tired and forgot how to subtract
My only gripe with that game is how much they cut back on the story development since they just put all the story parts in the movie instead.
Its a 12 year old car...o2 sensors usually fail right around now...
I guess, but his is pretty easy to dodge...Nothing like reviving 5 teamates without risk.
thanks
Yeah but whenever we do they usually leave
Sounds like the type of attitude that people hear of in Bernie supporters, that turn them away from him.
Well it worked for Bill Clinton.
If that was the case then net ionic equations would be pointless You should still know the solubility rules
Thanks, the ones that are no-brainers always make me hesitate even more.
Read the wiki
I was being literal...
I'm pretty sure my preworkout gives me a slight case of stim dick so I don't have to worry about this.
nah mate, all just project fear and the bureaucrats tanking our economy deliberately to teach us a lesson.
Well smitecentral is finally back up again
Unless there's something wrong with your torque converter or engine, you shouldn't be stalling a car that can be put in park.
S
Wheres the maths for 99% tomorrow?
They are pretty common in my area and even if there is a small path to walk on, it's quite narrow and precarious and by a busy, fast road.
semper ubi sub ubi
But God never gives us challenges we can't handle, so your parents should be *totes* okay with this, right?
I think the game looks fun at least
Faith strengthening
I bet 50 bucks that the first thing that happens when the crew returns to Standard is Mieru jumping off LSD Tower to hug Yuya, and then Yuzu will finally hit her with the paper fan.
Yes, but the exposed rafters make it a *rustic* shed bathroom worth big bucks!
i actually love hearing news like this.
So it that where you drop one off when you find out they don't fit your interior anymore or don't function as you expected?
RULES: No Free Requests No Offer Posts Designated Critique Threads Are Tuesdays and Thursdays, Other Threads Will Be Deleted No Advertising Or Self Promotion Right on the sidebar dude, c'mon.
The biggest blackest mittens?
Clearly Kimi's collecting money to pay for his seat in Ferrari
It's against Niatic's T.O.S.
STAN LEE IS HYDRA CONFIRMED!
But remember guys, IWA:MS is nothing but shitty deathmatches!
I aint waitin to post this at 2 am sucka
Dating is generally expensive in the UAE, And that's wholesale So individual dates will be more expensive, simple commerce rules
Better hire someone with a good degree than a good mind
Yeah, sounds like a good idea, have the role only be playable when you're 2 premades
Sounds like the biggest part of the nerf is actually needing to invest in some damage so the fewer spells you're casting will pack a bigger punch
Ah yes stabbing woman and children always makes you a hero.
You mean Zander?
Why Unreal Engine 3.
The latest poll is DWS 46, Tim 38 and 16% undecided.
THEYRE WRITING BAD FANFICTION
Well, time for more gun control legislation.
LOL, that is evil, and a perfect example of something tenants can do.
TRANZIT CREW CONFIRMED
So not 100% Italian then...
That's gorgeous
i guess, i was just thinking more barebone, as he is on a budget
Could have sworn there was more than that.
tl;dr ditto is a troll
Yeah, but tall chicks aren't hot and only in college basketball will I ever get to see pasty White ballers with no hops become stars!
Not really, it is just a question of available surface area for infection.
go easy on urban, dont forget he has health issues
Here's someone who has a lot of trust in Mignolet to deputize....
It's the speedster number apparently.
I'm pretty sure I never argued otherwise.
Where Charles Dickens wrote Bleak House?
Everything about this, from the production value to the acting, looks terrible :( Shame, the anime was beautifully made.
Gender == Sex
im sooooo bad just read the title.............
CRAP!
Car wars in the infield lol
How about a trophy, maybe call it the Petty Cup or Earnhardt Trophy, and get a automatic bye to the 2nd round.
If that means they have more guac - then yes.
No ... my friend would take the compliment tho.
If you're playing mania, you sort of can.
I have my Tebow jersey and it is so comfy...
Well I never said it was a great idea... But this also confirms why I play games and leave the development to the professionals.
Riverside Park between 110 and 125 there's a bunch of different stops and pokemon.
To return what?
Vanilla Civ V isn't a game it's a terrible demo.
In the context here I would be considering the groups as seperate in terms of their porportion, ak if Young people make up a large porportion of voter make up than normal then I'd absolutely argue that's a significant effect.
*deserve
re-using old memes on new topics love it 4Head
One of those cunt tricks, bring ya to the shop/ATM and charge ya for the fare there and back.
Looks like you truly believe the surveys.
babies are not contagious but baby rabies is
HAHA ITS A(nother) 420 POKEMANS!
Asking the important questions
Did you know about the electroshock/aversion therapy that used to be used there when you were a part of it?
But democrats and republicans are *literally* the same!
We can dream but I don't feel like they'd put the "this can be your commander" text on a card outside of the commander format.
You left this maybe?
I just woke up, so I can't remember the source of this... But I was under the impression that it was difficulties with the codes, and that there was going to be a new version of PlayStation that would be more compatible with mods?
But good thing none of Hilary's mail is in there since she wasn't on those mail servers.
Don't ever do this, in case you have brain damage
Mewtwo was my starter
And therefore we should ignore any issues of death and violence that are not empirically worse than the Holocaust.
Perfect.
Pretty sure curse isn't affected by ritual dagger since it's not a buff for you
Too soon
Well, his core beliefs, making America great and winning, seem to be pretty consistent, too...
Pfft I'd rather use Dandemagus on Vargas instead
Beyond Good and Evil, I started reading Nietszche in highschool with The Will to Power, but I don't think it was as insightful as BGaE or TotI
It looks like a blueberry mojito, now there's an idea...
I think they call it dating?
work yung blood gotta pay them college fees
Glassmen, also known as G-Men, is the corps that is performing.
Yea, using the same hardware across the board, I'm sure that the software will be radically different.
I wonder what game the latest 'migrant' bomber in Germany was playing before he enriched that country?
unless unpaid overtime is a part of your conditions of employment... ;-)
More than likely they'll do absolutely nothing and watch the election pass them by with no Bernie prez, and it'll jade them *just* enough to not want to vote next time.
What about it?
Wow kd looked awful on defense there, I bet the Warriors aren't any good this year
DAE 2nd monitor
It's not a bad joke but yeah, it's been around.
Is this a troll
RIP the whole damn lot of us!
Even when another snake will bite you for speaking out against it?
Roast threads are the best thing to ever happen to this sub
You are a sane, rational human being.
He didn't exactly try to jump out of his body though
That ain't Falco.
~~1, 241, 236~~ A new counter!
BR will beat any EU team 7-1 BRAZIL WOOOOHOOOOO 2 TIME MAJOR CHAMPIONS WOLD CUP CHAMPIANS BRA71L
You dropped this:
Magnets?
I was looking for a proper explanation for that too, so have an upvote.
All interested parties please include fWAR, bWAR, and RC in your comments, thanks!
Your friend has great taste
De conclusie die we hier kunnen trekken is dat alle wielrenners slechte mensen zijn.
It's just a game move
Nice try, Microsoft!
Better call Saul
That's because they do suck and you have good taste.
You're the best
Didn't know he was such an expert on Mormonism...or anything, for that matter
Christ I'm blind.
For some reason I'm glad.
make sure your account is confirmed , and that you didn't do any error while typing it .
Rest assured that we have the lockout laws now so this will never happen again
The private sector would fulfill all of those needs on it's own.
Yea I know, one could dream though
It's all the fault of that dastardly PC culture.
blessings, bruh, blessings
I think his original post dropped as
Nothing insanely racist about that.
It was a cow actually you uncultured swine
UH!
ez, just use the mobs to your advantage, bruh
Yes of course they will have the final say on it and have the rights to tweak it just like Valve tweaks some of the voted sets before releasing them.
Well their jobs will be automated away pretty soon and then they can stay home all they want.
Pogba/Matic trade confirmed
Yea, people come on reddit to complain and not to express or read about content
Well just pay for local infrastructure out of general progressive taxation, the council doesn't necessarily need to be the one to collect it.
I think he was a storm trooper..
So wait, the Chinese won right?
Free.
# Here let's get this out of the way * 18 quintillion bytes * The answer is 42 * Every gigabyte procedural * no man's data plan Feel free to jump in anyone
Like Cletus the slack-jawed yokel.
What an idiotic move.
Good thing religions have gotten more reasonable since then!
Amen
Debil does mean weak in Spanish, dunno what that would mean for this.
It was epic before they nerfed the heat rounds.
Yeah it's happened to me in competitive on Nepal, we won the first two rounds and it closed on the Sanctum part of the map.
Further validation that the Dunning-Kruger hypothesis is correct.
Instructions unclear, got.. You know the rest.
because it is *not* literally caused by it, that's how.
fascist ships trigger me
Its in his code
So we take that choice away, brilliant!
Or, I can have have just finished reading today's story, not realizing there was a story today since they usualy come out on Wednesday, but apparently fuck all previous schedules, and I stand corrected.
TIL I have bigger issues
Completely unexpected punchline
we secretly traded for PK Subban
That's obviously a decorative surfboard
Oh, you mean that round thing men would aim at?
Any species that makes stuff like this deserves to be preserved*
c/o me at 50 keys wannabe 71
Yeah I don't know, any of the mines really
nope
Oh man, hahahaha.
You were missing the
Red Fox, standing by.
You got a deal!
B-but LNP is the party for infrastructure, jobs and growth!
I get the joke.
And gobar &amp; gomutra.
this is dope but i think you forgot the bevel on the lettering
I don't think its enough with just red boxes around the fairy rings, could you add some flashing arrows please?
Wow I almost cried...
Yeah, none of that was hateful rage, you're right.
Vaguebooking and Hinstagramming.... Yay...
gofundme seems a pretty popular insurance provider these days...
here you dropped this
nah it's obviously drive threw
NOT.
You missed the
yeah, h2k was so upset about it, they totally lost because of that
Ah yes, asking about the weather or recent sport event is soon crucial to getting to know her as a person!
But Forsen is the best Hearthstone player
Considering that you were Palestinian she has to agree with you because of the imperialist history
Yeah but you can't kill the empress in any other levels either!
We should focus our efforts on REAL oppression, like ethics in video game journalism and racism against white men.
A E S T H E T I C
I think Arda would never be booed by us GS fans.
Hai, Kazuma desu.
ADS is optional when walking off a cliff.
Hey, cat's are kind of sexy.
Bulk until you hate yourself, cut until you hate your life!
yes enough is enough #DeadBaseNerf
Try not to get hit by Asuri so much.
You really hate dc that much huh?
Get the fuck out of here.
Long held does not mean two weeks, the time he took to go from one extreme to another on abortion.
It takes a village
I was told people weren't being allowed to vote in these contests and the system is rigged.
Especially under Stotts.
funny
Bart still can step up n fill those minutes.
I wouldn't call RNG macro ...
Haute and haunting.
But if (a lot of) people disagree with your opinion, then your opinion is wrong, isn't that how it works?
You forgot the
#**GET 'ER OUT**
Arazu, Stratios, Sabre and Sleipnir.
I told them I would like gotg in the game, so it's surely thanks to me we got them.
Too bad you were too young to vote in the primary...
Well we don't quite understand what's going on with Christians in government, so we should put a temporary ban on Christian politicians until we figure out what's going on with these Christians trying to overthrow our secular government.
Bad luck Bill
Why Jed why you had one job
just what I would expect an abusive mod to say.
Roadside is an excellent play on words, because it combines the words "road" and "side"!
Lubio*
Yeah because the Hawks sub has been so mature, right?
But I thought Brooks was great at developing talent?
Independence
Nah man gotta have that high DPS to get a good K:D
Dip the whole shoe and peel of after it has completely set
*cough* physical copies *cough*
Maybe Shaggydog takes Davos's book role as the character who isn't dead, but is reported beheaded, and has their "head" publicly displayed.
You are simply not smart enough to be able to decide to download something over 100 MB on cellular.
Who pays for the chemicals needed for producing the chemtrails?
Martavis bryant is 5.4 ratio= better than julio.
Far better that they pay 3 over draft fees to the banking industry!
I'm sure they'll give fair consideration to both sides of the argument and come to a reasonable conclusion
''Sacca, an early investor in Twitter, Uber and other companies..." TIL
You can survive a bear attack, just make sure you eat the bear first.
Did you forget Birmingham's a no-go zone?
Let's just file it under "Uncomfortable Truths".
he rhymed asshole with asshole, c'mon, that's brilliant
Yup, only 21 downvotes, everyone agrees eith you for sure
The other alternative is to skip the first seven seasons, and just watch the finale.
even closer
might have to do the same for meth in some regions.
where we donate, not EA, btw I assumed I didn't need the
Vin Diesel camp is best camp, have you even SEEN fast seven?
Pipe down with that Stalinist nonsense, Canada!
Nade picked him up just so he can drop him later
Mothers know best
You forgot the
Thanks for adding insight to the discussion.
Oh yeah, real bullshit that his employer requires his employees to be at work on time.
Not rigged at all.
Oh no, I assure you the 28 piece set (not including the steak knives) is exactly what you need.
he is remodeling his channel cause he will start to mount the first pro female team of overwatch, didnt see zai coming to kaipi yesterday?
Please don't disturb our Lord Sean from his peaceful slumber
literally unplayable GBX fix or i'm gone...
Have fun analyzing the flames of hell as they singe off your pubic hairs, murderizer!
But "artistic integrity" though.
Well, he can't play if the Ravens can't practice!
Any videos that present facts I don't agree with must be propaganda.
You forgot this:
cloud drake, does the least damage, each dragon should have its own category.
Wow, nice original post
Lucky everyone has guns to protect themselves from this kind of thing!
God Rods?
Vincent is a hot sexy man who had emotional feelings that most people didn't understand!
Sounds like we should ban stairs and replace them with the far less dangerous ladders.
Because they improved their accuracy to non-moving targets?
I would say def 4 months and 12 days based on the pitch
What build were you using, cause I needed to cast polarize twice too strip armor fully from level 85 lancer.
Yes, so weak you feel compelled to point this out to us using shout caps.
I take advantage of all the things my taxes pay for I just shouldn't have to pay taxes.
I'm sure your screen is emitting infrared and ultraviolet, your eyes just don't have the right receptors.
Its easy, GGG should just buy every possible spec and test it out
Oh wow Emma had to go through so much
They have remarkably effective abstinence-only sex education.
Fucking noob didn't even get the chopper
So where's the Perez to Ferrari news
You dad was safe when he made it to the island, he was no longer a refugee, he was an economic migrant for wanting to enter Canada, he should have stayed on the island till he could go back to Vietnam.
But but what about that new rgb poker?
Right... I'll take your advice and know that getting into a fist fight against a guy with a baseball bat is only the best of ideas.
Can't believe they are using clickbait, unsubscribed
Oh, but he learned how to record on DVRs all day, so he must have got a great education there!
The rest of the nation's are irrelevant
Where else would you?
But first they need new powers to crack into Androids.
1v1 me pussy!
The same thing as an assault rifle...
pretty sure you would be more than happy to lose the bet than, one less pussy to worry about
No, no, in the name of "justice" and "what's right", which makes it all better...
you're* smh
But the hive mind says the Spider-Man 2 is the only good Spider-Man game ever, so we must only upvote comments that agree with that opinion
I know right, who the hell wants to be a #1 pick?
It's a sign from the lawd, that you should use Linux.
but they nerfed necro!
What if the OP is actually considering the intelligence of punjabis and pathans.
Only on reddit it does.
pre-ordering is PS4 exclusive
Fake
But..but.. He was NICE!
clippers last 3 years
I heard Steph disconnected her mobile subscription
il PD
You taste good.
They added the 0.6% from 1979 to 2014 and rounded up.
Are you 8?
Just add copious amounts of water to the waste and send it down the drain!
Didn't think I needed to add an
Because turning over control of literally everything to people who have no interest in even performing at an acceptable level, due to guaranteed subsidies and no-bid contracts, are going to do *such* a good job.
That rain will make it lovely come the weekend, guaranteed muck fest.
But I thought they would be fluffy and nice to us when we wanted to leave?
I'll vote but I'm sure it won't count.
Well, since they can't look at my sideboard anymore....
51% of the people know what's best for the other 49%!
typhoon cinema
Euro-piece of crap
Wow, this looks like a [fun] innocent post not designed to stir up the community.
Because MYMU Riot says fuck you.
Ewww Marx
People here have a 10 second memory so why not cash in on that sweet karma?
They're just a result of market forces and the benevolent graces of the enlightened elite.
For the same reason you would shove your screwdriver into the hard drive's contacts
Gee, I wonder if anyone else has ever asked this question before...
If she's not, I'm supporting the wrong candidate!
Oh I'm an asshole FUCK YOU I QUIT.
After all, the image was supposed match the reigning rhetoric that those children are miniature bombs waiting to mine Europe's fields and valleys.
If you get enough of them you develop immunity
Yes, and then we can exterminate all the mexicans and instate mericans as the greatest race on the planet while having free healthcare and college for all
I think Toy Story 2 was more entertaining than the first one, but they're both such amazing films that it doesn't really make much of a difference.
Germany Drives Everyone
Depends on the receptacle, some are rated for as low as 700mA for both ports combined!
How is having group and team chat an option of being desperate catering to casuals?
Just commenting to be safe...
Boring Af.
#feelthejohnsonbern
How do you know he was speeding?
Ok well calm down a bit, He is very fast and is offensively ready BUT he still has to get better in the Neutral zone and the D zone, once he does that he'll find his way up here
Ahh, had no idea who actually made them, but they were awful.
Calm down, Satan!
This is scary
I've never seen the Tallgrass Prairie called the "Prairie Parkland", before.
Well you phrased it like that for sure would have been the scenario that would have happened given the Mad King wasn't mad.
But we gotta bench our starter because our back-up had half of a good game.
He's already coming off the bench in game 4 based shitposter.
If anything, it'll shake off the "I go to games for a social event" bandwagon "fans."
The real MVP^^^^^
Using Axe to cover up ball sweat, just makes it smell like Axe and ball sweat.
Soda soda
Yeah, we'll have some of that too!
**FULLY AUTOMATED UFO FASCISM**
Didn't James Bond already do this?
It's the Lifetime network of subs.
Acceptance
Yeah, but more importantly her real life identity is exposed because the whole thing is based of something she put on Facebook.
Leech
He wants to use the hip, young lingo
tea lizard's gotta point ngl
they say as the Earth exists in the most peaceful, non-violent time in recorded history
No, yours was still worse
Mercy should have one about medicine fighting death.
#TRTFandproud
What the fuck is a caper
w0t m8?
I bet Stalin and Hitler would put aside their differences to kill Keemstar
Prob selling the coca'
The new CEO is the bomb would be a better expression
Jeez, add Larry Robinson while you're at it.
^(his name means fart)
Man calm why so much gold who got money to burn.
What does this positive news have to do with elbows?
To make sure that everyone knows that England were key in Wales' success
Also, I would much rather wear a sleeved jersey in public, it's just so much more socially acceptable.
Look at that islamaphobic and intolerant priest being culturally enriched
Dun nuhnuhnuh nuhhh nuh nuh Dun nuhnuhnuh nuhhh nuh nuh Nuh nuh nuhh nuh!
You're officially that pelican, you know the one, she walks into the club and she's like, "This guitar pick is an official KK Slider, Ech ma dad knows him" FUCK YOU
Kansas doesn't require a permit but if you don't meet the requirements for their license you can't legally carry anyways.
You don't have to if it works.
Ted Bundy never had a snickers, look what happened.
It was mentioned in the Weigert/Remiker call
It's on at a pretty inconvenient time anyway
Uhhh.... no... just no.
Not my cup of tea.
something death by glamour something something
We all know how psychologically healthy that is.
Houston for Corey Brewer, get that Russ-Harden partnership going again
Speeding
I don't believe that two wrongs make a right, but when you pull an egregiously shitty move like HIDING THE EXISTENCE OF YOUR KIDS and bringing them on a FIRST DATE with someone you KNOW doesn't want to be bothered, you forfeit your right to any social niceties.
And I'm 8 hours too late, any mirror or direct link?
The same place as every other "right", legislation
Paying people to not work sounds like a great idea.....
Yeah, young me wanted to disappoint her so hard.
Hahahahahaha I laughed way to hard at this
No but she also could have left
Reasonable
For sure.
I have an actual remark, but it was initially submitted as a P...
Anything to feign uniqueness in your bland life.
Isn't that true for the ennemy team aswell ?
you forgot
If you admit the colonization exists and is wrong, are you ready to say that that is what is driving the problems?
true
Please expand coverage in Mississippi.
No it's not, Rhode island is disconnected, wachinton DC is invisible, he forgot Salt lake and the lakes in Florida, the north Texas border is jaggedy, there are several disconnected places, Louisianias coast does not look like that, hawaii are just a few too many rings, alabama-loiusiania border is strange, west carolina looks wonky,
Trees was a good time last year.
i think of if as a retard filter.
Yeah personally I highly preferred the comics.
Nah bro he's only at 70% you can see it when he's off the ball
Just out of curiosity if I had a DNR would that still apply?
140% of the time it's his s.o.
Buy all the Riot Points!
That who I want for President!
Damn CBS Back at it again with your best show!
That one time that illusionary orb got over-buffed and Puck became top 1 pick/ban because of this.
Might want to turn down the dixie chicks if you're trying to report an emergency situation.
Stream it!
He means socialized health care, which is far from free.
we can close the thread here
These are Belorusians
What a savage
I feel like now they need to do it to tassadar since he levitates above the ground.
its a sign
But I thought the team was called Bales
I disagree with ISIS, but they surely deserve my respect!
Yeah the worst thing about the Bargani situation was resigning him, not drafting him.
....Brag much?
He never intended to pay it back, he just was ready to if caught.
Pretty sure those ain't from Bobs o.o
Wishing I had more YouTube subs
sounds like they increased game volume.
They really want to be able to say you left because you're a sinner, rather than any kind of issue with the beliefs of the church.
Voting against their own best interests!
Yeah but this requires me to press more buttons.
##**UNDER BUDGET**
Earl grey
You can leave France behind!
I seriously don't know what I was expecting.
It's more relevant now than ever.
this picture is killing me, please tell me you catch it..
Da, tak sam i ja radio dok sam iPhone imao.
And at that moment, Janet knew... she fucked up.
Alright, how do you know?
Are we *absolutely* certain about the human part...?
About a month too late...
lol noob blonde kid american i have more frag than u haha noob - s1mple *Elige EZ 2K*
The state is too busy with its 30 year construction plan in the I-5/Hy-16 interchange to consider 512.
'stunt jump failed'
He should have driven her to the police station.
Muh pee see prince pull...
Futons aren't cheap either.
Ugh, yeah it is :'-(
No need to hold the camera in microgravity
Well Little Cesar's advertises as Detroit style - isn't that a good representation?
*Russian
Nope it has never been here before, You're the first person to notice it
freeloader content?
\#instinct4lyf
I gotchu.
...who are they
Check out Kohls, half the price of shoes you would even find at an outlet.
Yes, shields are only useful if you fuck up
It's good for women to learn that taking money for favors will get them to the top.
TheCoroner Alicia.
What kind of table is that?
All of these old ass bands are nice but: Thievery Corporation Doja Cat Bassnectar Tipper Ratatat Glitch Mob Celph Titled and the Demigods Death from Above 1979
No.
Love it...
don't know what you mean, I didn't bait you into a checkmate atheist scenario, I merely answered your questions.
Well that sounds fun.
That fucking smile
Obviously, the one with less hp :D
Sorry You haven't met the requirements!
Do you think that they're justified in not calling him out just because he's the highest authority?
[Bengal Moor and Lord Praven both show up on Corellia; assuming you do not kill them]
Remember that anyone holding a camera standing at a street corner is a spy too!
Any news as to what bangbus and pornhub are going to sponsor?
Well salmon's gotta do it
But muh daily win :O
Well you are just a hater!
Nee want voorop lopen, zoals met de Fyra, dat is goed voor je bedrijf!
What is the time frame of this happening?
Erdogan is a fine one to be talking about the will of the people.
You're just saying that cus he's black
meh
OMG WHY DONT YOU UNDERSTAND ITS ALL AN ACT BY LAWRENCE,YOU ARE SO DUMB.
Windows 10
Hilary, of course!
Hmmm... I guess maybe Oolacile because of the Abyss.
Wow, that's a really good point you made right there.
It's a hotel - the public restrooms and ALL hotel rooms are all facing outward.
But if females are considered a different race then males, then it's okay to make them slaves, right?
How do they fit the bud into the tiny needle to inject into the cells?
I've been looking, is there any word on Guccifer2.0 claiming responsibility?
Interesting how the giant fishing competition of early 2016 upped the price of the Song of Sirens by so much.
Because it's extremely time consuming to farm the crystals.
What's a better multiplayer tactical shooter than csgo?
Change windows power saving options.
This is the best compliment :D
This needs to be the top comment before countless users tweet this post to Niantic.
I'm pretty sure they did mess with it at one point (possibly more) in the past.
I guess in war you should only shoot harmless rockets back right?
Does anyone know where I can cash in my karma i've acquired thus far?
Yep, they definitely sold out
It causes trafic jams on the great western highway.
Being obedient *is* doing the right thing ... even if it's wrong.
Yeah, because who wants the most popular character in the EU back
yeah because fighting against "bake the fucking gay wedding cake or go to jail" sure is "shitting on the gay people
This is one hilarious yet mind-boggling interaction.
I swim and boat in raw sewage all the time, perfectly healthy!
I am so sick of these guns committing these crimes.
it seems you missed the recent thread on Sachin here on randia
Why you gotta poop on the party bro
Geordi LaForge is proof that there will never be a "cure" for blindness.
Roman getting buried 2 ppv's in a row
An unwilling solo player with sub-par stats and sub-par gear score like OP will definitely appreciate Heroic Mode Underground weapons...
Because God forbid that women have body hair
Ambra will have that facial expression when pigs fly.
Ouch, my feelings.
Riot knew SKT were gonna win worlds so they started early.
I have 4-5 keys or so but no chests
Yeah, it sounds like they are having a rough day.
Tell me, why did Debbie Wasserman-Schultz resign?
at first glance, thought she was Vayne
Ya fuck that guy for sharing tiny home related content on the tiny home subreddit.
and Americans only eating McDonalds hamburgers = racist
It's been so long...(I forgot the other words)
I think this convention has a "Mention Trump every 2 minutes" clause for speeches
Deals like that at that point of time were literally about self preservation.
Are you saying you can make mai husbando Mittermoer even more cute?
But 20+ years of a conservative Supreme Court won't matter when the revolution happens.
Just get it for pc on low till your Power supply arrives After it arrived It'll be well worth the small wait compared to 3 years
Then you can't disprove it either, thus God exists
soonTM
A bailout chain and chain you may need for bail.
Someone doesn't know what "obvious" means.
Now just write Hello Internet^TM on the bottom in big letters and itll be perfect
should of just gone to GE
I took micro *and* macro economics, so I basically know everything about the economy
Maybe they have been taught their lesson.
Really jelly rn
Then this sub probably wouldn't be so popular
Keep up with this talk and they will prove their value with another false flag attack costing innocent lives.
Right?
Maybe if you bought some furniture more people would've come over and chilled
I'm sure that killing innocent people constitutes as doing nothing wrong.
Ahhh that pupper belly restores my faith in humanity
of course.
Did they also pick the same system and race name?
I have no idea why folks don't like this topic?...
But it's totally weight reduction bro!
I read that as *plant* sagging and I just sat there imagining some dude t-bagging a plant and the police tackling him down for it..
It says a lot about ESL when the top level of professional competition is hosted by terrible servers and they seem to have no intention to address the issues any time soon
Oh sorry, I forgot the
Well obviously marriage is immune to any kind of conflict!
I don't think the player killed Raticate, but its possible it died for other reasons
It's a jeep thing, you wouldn't understand.
Too soon to have specifics like that worked out.
Man doesnt even look high he looks pissed off like he doesnt wanna be recorded
National security material right there
I mean I guess it was aight
It was important that this be cut, because Joker isn't in the Suicide Squad.
Good thing the free market solved that monopoly problem!
An boring alternative to the dope sound system/bass combo is to just run your vacuum cleaner.
But now she doesn't have to contour
City of God?
You dropped this:
The alleged negative making the news is Trump changing course in a direction that's viewed as a positive and is well received Its a not a negative, the article is trying to make it one.
world ddosing history + interface crashing + bragging about it in public chat and pms, poor innocent guys
Digital subscriber line?
If you combine the pill and condoms, and 2 of 100 couples get pregnant from one and 1 of 100 get pregnant from the other, wouldn't the combination mean 3 of 100 get pregnant from using both?
My shelf was getting pretty loaded up at this point, with in the year i stopped paying and stopped attending.
300 miles on a 15 minute charge when it's at a testing facility, 150miles on a 20 hour charge the rest of the time I bet
They didn't commission it, it's an original Van Gogh!
He seems completely mentally stable.
drone strikes aren't a recruiting tool
How could he do it with no multiplayer
I would love to play it but it's not available in my country, nor is Raiden V. :(
Of course she isn't, she just does what Trump does and asks questions
So what you're saying is that NPC armour sets should be PS exclusive?
thing is, if a girl is interesting in you, you could literally do anything and she would probably be interested, a lot of ppl seem to think that they gotta do something super special
Obey and be blessed.
Classy
Yay because twist is shit and Lekro has no potential obv.
He was doing it in his company truck, which his company is run out of his house, now he has people driving past his house swearing at him, prank calling his work line, and throwing shit at his big jacked up truck The article also stated he had been featured "shit parking" 10 tines previous and thought it was hilarious, but on the 11th time the poster pointed out how many times he had been posted and now he's getting flak for it Poor him
And I'm thinking what he marked as .300Blk Is 6.8 or 6.5.
Fucking voat users
DONT SAY THAT
So if you don't seek state power to protect your rights, what's stopping a mob or someone with a bigger gun to take away your property?
Less energy gets lost by the mechanics of the bike while pedaling, it mostly goes straight to the wheel.
Just cut Lebron
Instagram.
He wants to watch 4k movies duh!
Yeah, because if spectators are confused about what's going on, I'm sure no one could possibly be confused about it in-game.
Mad you can't buy wins as easily anymore?
It has been replaced by the (((superior))) star of David stitch
I mean we are, but we are good enough to not bother to point it out unless someone asks
There not 15 so it doesn't count I guess
Stop making sense.
Stop stealing Scoot Charthon's models!
Yea the torture videos the FBI shows to its agents to desensitize them were obviously requested.
Funny how 5 rounds with a Diaz will sway public opinion like that.
No these are genetic mutations, grafting will speed up growth, and will often increase pupping but the plant will stay the same in growth style.
Common sense is only common if it's taught.
How about we quadruple rate of fire and make sure it targets "poomboomboom"
I think it's his too.
Just like Guantanamo!
Is it better to be hated because of success or laughed at by being a joke like liverpool so often is?
Don't write it in Javascript then
No gold cards allowed, mono only.
Everyone is male to proven otherwise on the internet... I gonna need some evidence
This is an unobtainable figure and it offends me.
Fuck them amirite?
Her son must be so proud.
he was just gonna spend it on drugs anyway
Eh, looks too 90's-ish.
You mean you took a bunch of testosterone filled men, deprived them of female contact and then they eventually snapped.. Colour me shocked.
Yeah that's why he's always been pick-or-ban in competitive play and challenger tier
But..but that's different
No, I just saw CNN in my doctors office waiting room and they said that Hillary is totally justified in not going to visit him.
Did someone give gold to a robot?
Overdue for 2 years is news?
#NIMBLE
That would be what the GT should have been, IMO.
Primary school: give it to Folau game plan
You should write a 15 paragraph post about it.
Might as well report him for mission rigging too.
Top, top lads they are.
I can assure you, a great deal of that "broken code" is more likely the content itself rather than the client.
Right, who wouldn't want a cokehead molding their children?
But Spo is a product of Lebron...
So basically you're saying that what you said in your original post was bullshit, and then you tried to say it's not bullshit, and now you're admitting it is bullshit, right?
Gotten both my striker pieces from Larae...
Buying cups for people to urinate in, what a great use of money.
More like with Tumblr our kids will be able to choose their genders.
The thing that impressed me the most was how each point of the tweet was actually accomplished by Overwatch
*rusty door creaks*
Cheer up
Just like Fight Club as a monumental movie that 100% explains the human condition 100% completely.
Zaror saudi funding ka result hai yeh
Exactly, we can't make it too easy for these devious Trans pedophiles.
nah dude, that bottleneck in the gpu is strong..
DC, Webbah and Rosberg were hilarious :D I clapped like a retarded seal.
Doncha just *love* how the only thing of value we have to offer the world is the use of our vaginas?
Well the polio virus is caffeine free, so... logic
Stay far, far away from the comments on this one, folks.
The Bitsch Concertino?
NO CAPES!
I personally like to hang my pictures on the wall, but to each their own I guess.
my first thought: "Why is a wookie playing skyrim?"
Another example of beautiful hands = beautiful feet.
he was clearly resisting arrest
Well, everyone knows that they're only going on a mission because something's wrong with them since they're somehow not married at 21.
Seems reasonable...
Your logic and common sense is not welcome here.
Wow, you're horrible at being homosexual
They're all Einsteins dontcha know?
That would be a screenshot.
Sheriff Joe will keep out the murderers and rapists!
Yeh because trick2g is a top tier player
At our hospital, each nurse got a plain journal and 1 small cookie... I'll be journaling about how the one cookie made me feel appreciated in the midst of contract negotiations.
How r u f2p with 2 legendaries?
If she was really innocent then she would have gone on drama police.
And here I thought that gun manufacturers were immune to prosecution.
That would TOOOOOOOOOTALLLLYYYY work.
To be fair, the stop sign was on the *other* side of the bus.
But this doesn't count because she doesn't believe in Jesus
Yes, don't you know that there was only one Toyota on the whole yard but who knows how many bones they would find, so they weren't nearly as important!
Why don't they adopt the new Maple Leafs logo?
It is Dull-assu Nageshwar Rao garu to you :D
r/bodybuilding sells used trunks and spray tan
Venezuela has tried a similar strategy and look how well it worked out for them...
Don't be silly, the laws of physics are just socialist regulations keeping back the free market
Kenzo 4 mod 2016
It's not like it's the 3rd quarter, what do you think he's actually trying or something?
4 strikers, 2 sentry would be better for prolonged fights
but sumo wrestlers are fat slobs with no muscle
Didn't Jill Stein get arrested for protesting?
Iron sharpens iron and our depth is seriously sexy this year
Yes, because a thread where you talk about yourself, and using the words I and I'm in said thread is such a telling point.
I guess he forgot the
Omg guys keep it off this sub, this sub has too many fakemons!
This shit is why we need a wall.
Looks like Miami definitely got the better of this - though let's not pretend Maxwell lived up to his salary, and Alonso's recovery from ACL surgery isn't confirmed yet.
Because Purple Guy obviously murdered 5 kids back in 83.
Bold answer, debatable
You have to lead fusion rifles, so if they're a decent range you'll need to lead the target to get the kill, people moving perpendicular, sliding, or jumping will take a good amount of practice to get used to, I have bad habits when I switch to my shotgun I'll lead targets and only get half a cone, good thing shotguns suck
You entitled prick
But hey, THE BURDEN OF PROOF LIES WITH YOU ROUNDEARTHERS!
Yeah if they're immature enough to repetitively punch each other in the stomach, they are not mature enough to raise children.
You mean... things an intern tweets?
So many tattoo artists will lose their jobs when trump is elected
Sorry you don't enjoy it, I've always appreciated it.
oh but 'you know this is different'
I prefer European-American instead of White.
They should add a picture of Wall Street next to the Clintons.
What if Hit is Gohan?
You forgot your
Yeah, may as well just piss all your money away then.
Did he even meditate bruh?
Then the pool would turn into a homo-erotic Turkish bath type party.
Illuminati didn't want their secrets reavealed!
Your success at doing that depends on many factors that are outside of your control, though.
adorable snoot
Report: 100% of entire human population is either a women or a men...
I accept your concession.
Your forgot the
But the Muslims are a minority, and representative of all brown people!
Of course, if they both think each other is ugly
Because Lebron is a bitch.
Isn't he already married to Griffon :o
Who needs torque when you can just dump the clutch at every red light?
Schefter better post the actual medical records or I'm not going to believe this.
See you next week
Yeap will just play rh now :) much skill.
Otto Carius must have been an incredible exmple of Aryan Ubermench for him to single-handedly acquire a target, drive his tank into position, load the gun, aim and fire the gun, and *still* be able to communicate to and coordinate with his unit.
Time for you to get banned for mentioning it
Wanna be rebuilding friends?
Shh let him push his agenda
Yeah better cop 2 pairs just in case
I would like to know too.
Good thing we have Ernie getting players for us!
Sounds like the failure module didn't really fail, it did just what it's supposed to!
Carp-et bombing
The Trust is gone, time to end this relationship for both your sakes
Maybe it will be resolved in the current maintance.
Hi caitlyn hahahahahahhahahahahahaha
Let's make Europe great again!
I think he IS the leak...
Oh, ok, let me go compile all the data and I'll get back to you with an answer.
we need kynan gamma labs on this case
buy shitton of capsules with crown XD crown hype never dies
But eating less and doing sit-ups/jogging costs more than eating fast food and drinking Mountain Dew everyday.
Stone the blasphemer!
How can you say he is a good defenseman when he has the puck all the time?
Because in 10 years the xbox might not have a disc drive!
Figures that a national source would beat the Coloradoan to breaking a local story.
that dog was a total dipshit
Nope no corruption here.
This is how mass shooters start out!
Yeah, atheists are the REAL oppressed ones.
Gotta use your sarcasm font.
You exist and are muslim.
Yes, because all those whites only stores went out of business
No, because they are already on the superior console.
I'm sure those Hillary supporters are feeling warm and cozy they could help out the struggling Clinton's.
Duh, you make a letter of recommendation for a friend and so on.
I "COULDN'T" care less FTFY
Why don't the moderate Hindus stand up and do something?
Thanks, I had no idea what they meant at first.
Islamic fundamentalists and Nazi's have something in common; I'm shocked.
Urban rent, the ultimate Pokemon Go DLC
He's really cheap
Everyone wants the gift of strong bones and calcium.
Trump
Be one with tranquility.
He's not the brightest knife in the shed
I'm sexy and I know it
I ship it for the rule 34 potential.
insulin response: fuelling your body vs shuttling calories to fat stores and you being tired for a few hrs, then hungry again.
famous "gg my team sucks" hahaha
I wishing would've blindfolded myself to avoid this post
dem virtual stds, tho.
The way systemd is progressing, it will be a kernel, heck, a full OS that will replace Linux.
Definitely, there would be less salt and deflect would be easier to play around if the animation actually represented its size.
Hes probably a daddy's boy.
This is weird for me, because everything I learned as a child told me the females do the hunting in the pride.. yet here is a male catching the prey.
But 'SJWs' dont exist they are just a boogieman reddit created.
So what you're saying is we do know all the planned mechanics of the game then.
You have peaked my curiosity
Well TIL.
the zoo obviously
If you rate the Leo PTA so highly you should try the AMX 30 P.
Isn't that the heart of pretty much every dating site?
Well they renamed "Cacoon" and "Vest Top" to Cocoon and Tank Top respectively.
7 years so when am I getting my $60
Kids these days, amirite?
Sexual Predator Avant confirmed
Why would either of those be a thing?
SJW who wanna take our freedom of speech
After all these years of attacks and bombings throughout most of Pakistan, I sometimes wonder how it still is a country poking its neighbors (India and Afghanistan comes to mind).
In your opinion.
they just won 1 mill dude or did you forget about the C9C team ?
Heirloom meme
Kahne got loose off of 4 and turned the 10 in the wall, says they should've made a smaller wedge adjustment in the left rear.
Oiiii mate, is that lad havin' some cheeky bantar with you fam?
Shitpost
Oh boy
Sir Alex Ferguson is a sexy adonis
**Do not cook fish in the public use microwave**
Hmm, I believe I have met one or two of these people, but I have never befriended any so I haven't dealt with this first hand.
coolio thx
No problem.
That is kind of racist/agest man....
Yeah getting a 5th round pick for a cb who hasn't played since was very dumb
Would happily but it from you, but I know I can't afford it.
the irony is you have to use you capped broadband to complain
I ended up looking at my build sheet just to check
Perhaps form 15 people to fight the 15 man roaming gang?
The answer to that first question is suck on them.
I don't know we have discussed him and the other victim here on reddit MANY times and it has been in every paper over the last 6 months several times.
And the cows will not eat feed covered in pigeon poo.
She obviously did something that made him do it.
Well, I mean we're all on gear so we don't have much down there
better than what i could do.
fearmongering
Yes come out and show yourselves you corrupt bastards, so when the Revolution comes, the real one, the bloody one with the 21st century version of the guillotine, we'll know whose heads must roll down K Street.
you forgot your
LETS GOOOO
Anytime not in the winter and Milwaukee is still better
I imagine feral rage is in there to help control the board prior to patrons.
*and
iirc Dameshek is a Steelers fan
Shit where can I watch this?
See trump and his 7/11 tribute.
I think the game really pulled off what Dead Island wanted to be
Eh then what is the problem.....
The old spice blocked water, just like how it blocks bidy odor, from entering the gpu so it's fine.
Because most people don't like talking with randoms, and if they do, they don't want to get into salty arguments.
What :D
That could either be good or bad if Frank was involved in this tho.. It could be good because it means we're getting an album soon or it could be bad because we're not getting an album soon because of all the drama
$12.5 for a gram is not bad honestly, at least where I live (Florida)
Thank you!
I would add the NCAA as well.
If it had been the USA, everyone would have a gun so no one would have been shot.
I can understand why he'd want to use that weapon, this community
no :(
Yeah, Then they cross post it elsewhere.
More like Slider Cider
haha
Cases are independent of skin drops you will get cases randomly during the week, but skins only drop once per week when you rank up.
r/pundertale
OK yeah but why is her tongue blue
Could it also be out of fear of being targeted?
yes, don't you get it?
RIP
Gold
We've always been at war with Eastasia
McDonald's still give them out with happy meals, it's covered in ketchup and between 2 buns.
Is this how Paladins are trained?
Have you heard the word of 3.5GB?
What a toxic attitude, it's driving players away!
I used to have to beat diablo just to have to go up a difficulty, people starting diablo now have no idea the original grind and RIP AH and having gold and farming items be worth something
There it is.. That 25 second memorized speech.
There's multiplayer?
Welcome aboard, brother.
I've set mine to 5 on The Island.. In singleplayer and on my server (ARK Server Manager).
No, it means nothing because I say it does.
Mullen is a legend.
OMG Chemtrails are really made by angels?
He's referring to the 13" not the 15", the HD 4000 definitely has issues running the Retina display while the 15" can easily switch to the 650m which has more than enough power to run a Retina display.
What a class act, refusing to kick someone when they're down.
No, you didn't use the loophole.... you're doing it wrong.
I think you're vastly underestimating how much of a pain in the ass adding a bunch of examine details is and it really adds pretty much nothing for the *vast* majority of players.
its true my friend our tl wasnt retarded, sls all listened and called artillery where most effective with tls help, tanker was great, everyone was smoking the meatgrinder off in fact most of the people i saw were honor 50 or higher
they said "partially obstructed view"
Love the detective attitude there
You're crazy.
stuff like T-55s, T-62s and T-64s still number in the thousands, but they are sitting in storage depots around the country, they could still be brought back into service rather quickly if the need arose, but until that time, they arent considered active equipment
I was more referring to the paper.
Figured you'd be thrilled about all this.
Pero si el Barcelona sigue ganando
Als je Firefox gebruikt kun je de 'Self-Destructing Cookies' addon installeren, daarmee kan je per site een cookie-beleid aanhouden.
nice tabs
Playing Twister outside while listening to Kool and the Gang's Celebration.
Begging like that is so attractive
Sorry Santa, there is no god.
She didn't rig it, the DNC did
Which is why many pros said they would have preferred Dust II to be taken out of the pool
**Literally unwatachable**
I cut your mom a check OP
There were too many to finish!
Yeah but mine shoots a 5.56!
He's not a dead beat dad, he's just temporarily down on his luck.
Hey op good news you're almost done!
No
I would love to see the Blackfyre rebellions or the Greens/Blacks Targareyan civil war.
I know that it realistically will never happen, but I'd love to see a huge upset in the WCA regulations because a cuber in an actual WCA tournament got a 2-move solve and got a 0.2 second WR.
Never once heard anyone say blue fairy in place of blue falcon
I don't really care about it because I'm rooted w/ Xposed so it's too much of a hassle to unroot, reroot, disable Xposed and so on.
Dicks make my mouth water
Holy hell that's insane.
Please, vape smell doesn't cling to anything
All good :)
I'm seeing a lot of innervate stuff, but... Living Roots + Savage roar is pretty much a guaranteed t4 win...
Shouldn't *you* know that before declaring he has "zero qualifications"?
You should live in suites and wear suits.
just go learn programming duhhh
Are you a masochist
I don't see how this solves any real problem.
Probably performing a number 2.
Aww fuck I forgot my
wow thats so short!
It's got Greece in the title and Greece is in the world.
To be specific, call of the skill
If you have 2 PHD's you would know that this is not seamless...
That sounds like a Bluth quote.
They're Kurdish, what more justification do they need :p
That makes total sense when you consider that it is always the anti Trump protestors who have been violent in the past
Orc
And I'm sure they just loooooove Clinton
I love when people write about us as if we're a lost tribe they just discovered in the Amazon.
Yes but can we see the statistics for the white congressmen?
Nah, we'll just wait and use them to blackmail her if she wins - Russia
They also want kids to catch dead people/demons (Yokai Watch) so that when the Nobunaga Oda comes back, all the kids will be friendly with his minions
If you're worried about deadlift, pick a routine and replace the deads with a different pull exercise.
You'd be in shark range grappling across then.
What about the half whites?
Guys we need to ban trucks now, also we need the ability to sue the truck manufacturer for this tradgady.
That's pretty fucking hilarious
More like a reach kid smh
Must have not have had his coffee..
If microsoft sponsored him, it could be Aww-fice 365
Yep, it has nothing to do not wanting to get killed by enemy submarines, they just wanted to fuck up some whales cause that's how the US Navy rolls.
I don't know why, but I love this.
Er werd om feest gevraagd.
I'd like to update my answer to yes, assuming jofer would be one of your keepers.
He voiced him for years on Teen Titans.
I mean it's not like he has he most YouTube subscribers in the world
Wooo more downtime on the servers for everyone else :D
They should bring back the Springfield
I'll have the CRF rebuilt by then so maybe I'll bring that too
What does that even mean?
Can we recreate inFAMOUS: Second Son effectively using the map?
I wouldn't say that...
Oreo is the correct answer here lol
Ok
Math is hard to do when you are driving...
He's been sublime so far, really surprised me..
Another victory for free speech!
But that's just more corporate profit for the Man, man!
Uplay: dwe_flame Timezone: Europe-Netherlands
That's why we have an acacia tree growing in front of my lodge....
IMT looks awful while Splyce looks amazing possibly better than G2 but they have to prove in playoffs they are better, i don't know what games have you seen....
You can, by binding an alternate control to hold crouch and then holding that while pressing A and D. You know, fluid and intuitive controls that the game definitely teaches you.
What yaar, KGP guy and this kind of dumb comment?
Hey come on man, only like ten percent of cops behave like this at worst.
Oh you are taking a jab at Indycar than?
Just sell your cell will have money then.
Because that tactic was *so* effective on the results of Brexit
*sigh* I guess I should know by now, you always need the
Denmark is in NATO.
This is what we mean when we say The Gay Agenda.
I disagree with him, so he must die
LITERALLY UNPLAYABLE.
yea lemme just pay a couple of hundred euro's for that
Agreed, but it's not the reason to own the game.
#***OK***
Yeah I hate games that use almost the entire hero pool per tournament
I don't know she has to have pretty big balls to do that stunt.
Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam Islam
Made my day
He will still get the blame.
Willing to server transfer or are you only looking on Gilgamesh?
Clearly OP was flying over Iceland...because Ice.
Featuring classic hits such as "Any day now" and "Indictment...indictment (The Desperate song)".
Says the guy commenting on a news aggregate site.
Obama did well in Caucus states but we don't have vote total for that.
God Usopp and Blackbeard are related, by blood, Teach is probably Usopp's uncle or something like that, dem noses are just too alike, and i stand by this craziness to happen some day.
He must have noticed the missed calls from human resources.
I once solo capped point A on Volskaya as Pharah, I just flew around the water and hid in the furthest corner of the point and got the whole thing because the entire enemy team was distracted by my team at the choke and somehow didn't notice all the OBJECTIVE UNDER ATTACK lines...
Yeah, because the guy who designed Archon is making daily posts to remind us what he did.
I guess 1.5k isn't that bad.
What are "software advances nobody really wants" alex?
quick time events!
If you have a truck you can go sleep on the dunes for like 10 bucks
They only read the money they're swimming in.
Try pauper with nivix cyclops and wee dragonaughts.
Nah, just run your hands through your hair a few times to get rid of charge buildup
Thanks
Nice Recoil Macro
I bet you will be able to buy cod 4 digitally later though.
How can you have multiple first shifts and multiple first shots?
I think you forgot the
Ruling everyone/becoming the strongest he could possibly be/discovering the limits of his body is very different from "becoming the richest man", as he states over Dario's grave in the manga.
With a username like that, I'm sure you know all about PC gaming culture.
You are a true friend
She does not, but thanks for the tip!
I had a friend in HR who owes me a TON of favors so every once in a while I leak his SSN to certain people who know how to cause some chaos.
Ahhh the fourth crusade went so well!
***Fuck you***
Wow this sounds like the alert theme from MGS.
Sarcasm?
But then we have H&amp;G physics where hitting a tiny rock while going 10/hr in a tank will either flip you or take away a couple of bars of health and lord forbid you hit a tree
I like how she wants to hit the butterfly at first too but then realized it's printed/embroidered on her cloth.
Who the he'll can respect you when you hide your head in the sand and violently lash out at those that try to show you a side of your candidate that you wish didn't exist.
Hackers might track me down if I give up too much information.
I live in Iceland and I use my phone to heat up my house.
Yea, so stop being black, hoodlum!
Yeah I wasn't too keen on his character but I ended up leaving the movie really liking him.
Such a powerful message.
We, the people, demand unskewed numbers!
What the hell is going on in this comment section..
why do you want to hold the mall?
Wheel you kindly explain to us what this pun means?
What was the voltage on that taser?
I can't wait to install the Laravel version that includes a service provider to register a "facade" and declare a global function just to make the two previous steps even more useful
and replay system and auto tournament system and 1v1 maps and solo Q and ...
yep same height
KOTE!
Bingo Players, Headhunterz, Cash Cash, Elephante, Tritonal All very "pop"y and bouncy sounds!
Who has ever beaten Clinton easily?
Sunshine?
Wow who would have guessed it'd be a tech support job, I thought they were all magical wizards
If the joke isn't funny, then it will shut itself down.
Repost
It's all the smog
I've had ENOUGH of the liberal agenda ruining my snack life!
for sure bra.
But now there is no representation.
Who is good against Thanos anyway?
That's beautiful.
This is what happened for discriminating the most protected race on Earth.
If only there was a way to play Pokemon Go without leaving home
Better than a pro I guess in this case.
I think this article states pretty clearly that Climton is the most qualified candidate for president in the history of the universe and all parallel universes!
username checks out...
I thought it was a well thought out rational and fair assessment of my entire life based off a singular comment.
Oh yeah, I would love to wait 15 minutes to play a 5 minutes game
(PC) Mouse over the planet or creature in your options and press "X", rename and left click.
Well I'm certainly not eating the food at Kauffman.
You just haven't put enough work in to understand
This why Germany needs to repel borders....
Don't worry, most of the stories are about guys fucking female teachers, so it's not rape.
Seems legit
At least she won't be a 40 year old man calling a 7 year old girl a cunt over the internet.
Bale is on the 'cover' for the free Euro 16 dlc.
Reddit selective memory
I know, they just should have used survey monkey!
lmao, its funny how a "baby not truly hitting 9k" has more viewers than Alliance trying to qualify for TI xD
I am assuming you got banned as quick as I did for that?
then stop using alien blue and start using the mobile browser on your phone/tablet
negative b plus or minus the square root of b squared minus 4ac over 2a
So overrated
As I heard they said Overwatch is also a team-based shooter... very well genre understanding.
Alexander Pistoletov doing god's work on these videos.
What kind of messy title is that?
Don't go
Or they can always put Idris Elba.
Dissapointed to not see Jackie Chan
When it's coming for my Samsung Galaxy S 7 Edge
How am I supposed to know which one is your brother
but, but that doesn't fit my bootstrapping oneself into Murrrican prosperity narrative
Nonsense, you can use CSS to align the gun to the target.
I think it's a
And we see countries like NK following them diligently no?
Usually it's to find a new crack hookup when my usual guy falls through
I feel it really balanced the way team fights and ganks are initiated
Jake "Stewie2k" Yip is very good at Counter Strike: Global Offensive.
African Master Race!
Something something ... your mother...something(implied sexual intercourse here)...last night...
I miss the lollipop man.
You nosy little slut...
Glad to see cammer stopped.
Make sure you get Josh Gordon in the 0th round.
Well if you're going to hold their healthy male sexuality against them, then yeah it's totally misandry
I've bought one from a supermarket not long ago, and have seen many other supermarkets have at least a brand of Absinthe in the alcohol section.
Oh and it managed to stay on, how weird...
I don't know much about Lenin other than what he did so I can't comment.
I remember seeing the original on a Woodward car group, someone posted it once the cops started cracking down on all the cruisers drag racing and revving their engines at lights
But DRUGS!
Arstotzka by the sound of it
Straight Kanye
Figured we could have some fun with all the rampant speculation.
Now that we know that you are an Ubisoft employee, your opinions are biased and hold no weight.
Keep the tickets prices low and hopes high!
It would be nice to be able to call them on the comm and say come get ya boy.
Pull out method is totally safe if you do it right
Banter is just an excuse for bullying.
Too soon?
Don't worry, the sandbags will protect it.
Ooooo, you're gonna looooove it.
Did you not see the post about using acronyms a week ago?
Anime waifu excluded, of course
But we didn't pick Stanley so the season is lost.
The national badges are better looking anyway.
Fleur de lis, you uncultured savage
Lakeway
Banned for bug abuse
you dropped your
FUCK RITO, A COMPANY SHOULD NOT HOLD ANY POWER OVER IT'S OWN PRODUCT
Aren't there limits to how much beer you can transport?
This
brainwashed by patriarchy, you poor poor thing, let us liberals show you the error of your ways.
Shower With Your Dad Simulator 2015
TRAITOR
So nice that you're giving mom a break by puppysitting!
not with that attitude
Let's use r/atheism to tech the kids about the evils of religion
Being awake
blocked.
Yeah as you know, there can only be significantly more real humans than fake humans.
Yeah, this is also why Smash Bros never took off
I like your sarcasm.
what a surprise.
Saying Kak Kak Kak is exactly the same as saying you support the KKK
But it makes complete sense that you can carry twice as much in a backpack than you can store in a massive crate in the BoO.
But its not that hot where I live.
I'm sure this is the last time we'll read his name in the news...totally rehabilitated.
That's not what my bishop taught me.
Yes in the history of sports people have never been kicked out of a sporting event for being belligerent.
The most supportiest support ever..
Taxes are theft obviously
It's clearly Ennard.
Yeah that's either an animagus or half-kneazle.
It's a E36 M3 convertible, my buddy in the NM BMW group owns it
Yee boi
Who better to deal with liars and crooks in Washington than a liar and crook?
Teleport to the center.
What do you expect from a Canadian?
Perfect day for me to (hopefully) pick the game up then.
Well obviously - no point selling them to countries that aren't going to use them, wouldn't be profitable would it?
ra came back recently
Bokors will be finally viable
They don't want to taint their kids with a "bad" language
Because that 1 sick snipe i do get, its going in my 'tage dude.
Totally lol
Yeah all the tariffs he calls for are super free market.
Yep
Oh good, as long as my job is taken away everything is fine.
That movie was fucking terrible, though, foreal
I'm crying *single tear*
but it doesn't count because he's on a motorcycle, not a "4000 lbs death machine".
Just a tiny handful of loud "Bernie Bros" on the internet.
Iqaluit is a booming metropolis.
He is consistent in the sense that Liberals always require one thing for others but not for themselves.
Oh cool, another Reaper ult.
It's a shame there's no other way to share information within the team
thanks dude ill try that
Age is a social construct!
Or to have it get booted back in your face...
Dear aryan brahmin , "There aren't many of us left" and "my condolences to all pygmies" really don't go well together.
I won't stand for this appropriation of gay culture.
Because not every city can be as well-prepared as Sochi.
Its Triple H you smark.
AccheDin
I thought the establishment decided who was president, how could she lose re-election
Dreger is so inside he can taste what Benning ate for breakfast
IMO every team comp should have at least three Winstons.
But then I don't get to complain
That was a Warlock.
Yeah it's Blizzard's fault they didn't perform well this year.
Hey screw you for wanting new games!
oops forgot the
Well, next time you see him be sure to tell him I said thanks for the Karma!
But but.. it was just an act of terror and hate though!
The 1,6 billion muslims are also incompatible
so bad right, india's economy just did miserably post 2004 and the nuclear deal due to MMS was a complete disaster right?
Oh no
yeah but robot wars was rigged anyways
And you think those two things aren't related?
Yeah, thanks to Affirmative Action^TM
Are you saying that the unelected leaders and law makers of the EU want to control the Internet to their advantage, surely this couldn't be the case.
Lil Adolf
(unfairly judges you as a person for using tape to hang your poster) Regardless I do love that poster, have it hanging as well (in a frame) 0____0
-13 (-123) you see moo this is why the directory doesn't get updated that often
Where?
No you are mistaken, you need months of hard devs work to make game work for other controller.
Forgot to add the
You forgot the
Either that, or SA is an effin' genius!
But get rid of the headphone jack because we need the space
I'ma let you finish...
Feels over Facts!
Don't you dare insult my rich cultural heritage of Bumps-On-A-Log
my first, my last, my everything?
Maybe just half of Wales needs to leave
Broken
Well, the hacks probably helped Taimou transition
quick someone use futuristic technology to enhance the image so that we can see through the card a steal the code!
But c'mon, just think about the weaponized flesh penetrator 3,000.
And people say we don't need
To get the other 4?
Thats not seas of salt 7/10
of course the black guy is left out ....
Ooo maybe I can find one for under $56,235 a month!
Yeah why don't people post "today was good, people were friendly, thanks for reading"?
Vote conservative.
I can't wait to play against Hecarim, Sona, Ezreal and Nidalee all the time!
He was a handsome black man before turning into a ridiculous white woman!
I'm sorry, but no one can build a computer for $7.59 US
I love it when people play "Keep Away Simulator 2016"
Yeah... but, twig &amp; berries, so 'do not apply.'
It's just addition and subtraction, right?
If only DHSJ still had that amazing DT intel from DrBlades.
But holy water is a great item and should be nerfed!
How dare them continue to put out content!
ehhh, that's an outlier
TIL peeing after sex prevents hiv or herpes.
dude i just woke up and thought i traveled back in time or some shit
This guy^ lol
Thought the boxes were corrected?
This is a beautiful image, so peaceful and quiet.
Out out out
I meant more like links to those things.
no.
Oh noes it got wet... truly this owner be a monster.
That might be the dumbest thing I've ever seen.
Or just keep Bunny in because he should be getting full playing time
I'd be surprised if any decently popular programming language didn't have a WASM compiler shortly after the WASM spec is finalized.
pls let us borrow Paul George nba...
believe it or not, there are exactly 6 guns per class, but fact checking before making a factual based argument takes effort
Like BATMAN
My culture is not a costume
Survivor's Quest and Outbound Flight were thoroughly enjoyable.
But the name will make no sense.
RIP Servers
Meta
LMAO the Facebook thread of this pic got so salty that comments are locked.
You remind me a lot of Calvin's dad from Calvin And Hobbes and that's all I'm going to say
Especially with long term temporary tattoos coming out in the next few years
Proof of CHRISTIAN PERSECUTION!
Which is quite a lot when considering a therapeutic dose is around 50mcg.
What did you decide on instead?
You don't think he would have figured out the recipients name by you know, looking at the packages being delivered?
my peripherials CORSAIR STRAFE SILENT RGB HyperX Cloud Core (horrible mic but overall good headset) some Logitech wireless mouse samsung TV wii sensor bar taped on top of TV now OP isn't as diverse as me
The next generation gets to add Furiosa to that list.
You never realize legos hurt until you step on them
That is not nearly enough money to make a difference in expansion
...or maybe walking the dog, you know, doggin.
John Mayer is into coprophillia.
He's just mad he is in a zergfit
I like the setting and mechanics of DS better.
Full name: r period shrift
in\* ^^ladies ^^don't ^^spit
I'd be willing to HO on your H
Insight Cards still does 5% on 5K (for now), also Mango Money does 6% but it has a DD requirement and has a $3 monthly fees which cannot be waived.
That implies I feel as if they are a problem...
doesnt affect anything but the canvas afaik
Lone wolf
yes you can buy a tank, my uncles neighbor has one
WINRARJAR
Yep, and given that they're a parliamentary republic, the PM holds more sway than the President, whose role in more ceramonial and unifying.
Anyone can cook!
14!
They don't have to let you know they have interviewed her tho.
over/under 30 seconds before mod deletion
I just frequent here for the fun factor, I deleted tinder a year ago when I started dating, I am in a happy relationship right now.
No, but you can compare a $300 frys hifonics amp with a $300 Craigslist sundown or digital designs amp.
You might want one of these, then;
You're right, I blew it; I'll edit it to make it one sentence.
Drop rates on shards are insanely low, even if you gather for 2-3 hours a day every day, it'll still take months to get +18 Yuria/Grunil
Is the same questions every week not enough?
What about olive oil?
*Rule 1: All requests for purchase advice must be posted in the sticky thread*
The pump action on it is very satisfying.
oh crud I hope he's better
#FRIST XDXDXD
...are you for real
And just because you personally don't agree with the narrative the game is making doesn't mean it is a bad game and your child should not be playing it.
My understanding of his point was, we are a representative democracy, so how about our elected representatives do their damn job and represent us?
the 9590 heated things up, the furyx doesnt get that hot as shown by the fury, 390x though, or 290x is what is really hot, trust me i know, i have two and my house has burned down three times because of them
Because he has no soul apparently.
;)
Desperation sets in.. You can not spell Hillary without the ILL.
And now that most of the South has voted, he can.
Reductionist arguments are the best
This.
I think its just a joke
thjs never happens
I'd guess January.
There's certainly worse but that's still not good by any stretch
it's a mod I believe.
You have to buy in bulk, and you don't know whose you are getting until after you buy it
wow, you're a fucking tool.
When 2 villagers love eachother so much...
I was excited to see Luke, but I became so engrossed by Poe and Finn and Rey and Kylo and Han that I forgot about him until the end of the movie when they complete the map.
DC 7-3 and Secret 4-6 LUL
Sure as peaches are poison...
Shuttup with your stupid science
Crush the Jewish atheist
Osborne ?
There's the news we've been waiting for
Night King 2016
Who needs to watch games, a couple of youtube clips will tell you everything you need to know.
Watch out for the emu.
I loved renting bikes and biking over the channel to assateague and biking along the trails.
Friend of mine from junior high fell in a motox race and took a spinning rear wheel to the face didnt come back to school for like 2 months and when he did he had a wicked red scar where they sewed his face back on
No, I've kept quiet until now but I'm going to make a Facebook group about it.
It tastes like hopelessness.
funny how basically every other animal species on the earth requires females to be attracted to males but human women are just lesbians apparently
Looks like a dementor is eating your soul
Add Keilbasa and I eat that constantly...I'm not even poor...its just really yummy.
Sippin' the Bean
Op omroep Brabant stond dat hij achterop een langzaam rijdende goederentrein wilde springen.
^found Riot Lyte^
What is the purpose of a DNR?
Depends, did you like it?
Missing various sarcasm signs like :) or
Pretty much what I use except I use shadowed ultra light combat armor, more protection plus I love free fall legs
Not only that, I think any police calls to his residence will take a bit longer to respond to.
Yay America !
He was inactive?
please stop
Her tumblr says she uses Apple Barrel acrylic paints thinned with water.
treyarch
MRW I hit refresh and I see someone downvoted my post 5 seconds after posting.
It's not the law.
I can't stand when people talk about games that "won't work" in vr, look at Eagle flight or WWToons, you'd be hard pressed to find a game that's more fast paced than ether of those, and I'm sure those will make people sick, but a lot of people won't get sick and get to have a lot of fun playing them, what they need to do is offer small free digital download demos of any "dangerous" vr games so people can play them for a few minutes and know going in if they'll get sick and make an educated decision on whether or not to buy it
Didn't you get your dog whistling guide like all the other sheep?
Yes, because people never float 3 mana (over multiple turns) during a whole game of hearthstone
Link?
Fuckthekidsfuckthekidsfuckthekids!
so based on this it seems the best case scenario is to get blessed hand first, on an artisan, and then once they get to level 30 re-roll the skill?
funny because we were so naive, terrifying because nothing has changed.
Yeah, something isn't adding up my friend.
I'm too embarrassed to leave my house just from watching that.
NO OVERWATCH LICENSE FOUND MY ASS BLIZZARD!
Yup
I was about to ask who 27 is... I'm disappointed in myself, in my defense though I was born near the end of hextall's career so I was too young to ever see/remember seeing him play
You're thinking of chemistry.
Don't you fall for that okie doke.
The account will most likely be written off and reported to the credit bureau.
Keepin' Up With Joneses
13 year old Matthews
I love Pigma Micron pens myself, size 05 for the edges, and 005 for superfine touchups.
Go on their website
Link to xpost please?
you mean 10 steps back?
Yeah, that'll make them want to learn.
Ps3 controller!
You are not making it up, but POG might have been...
Glaz needs to stop being outpowered and rendered useless by litterally any gun with an ACOG on it (even the god damn SMG-11 is more viable than Glaz at mid and long range).
I'm glad it's helping, shoot me a pm with any questions.
Thanks Reddit.
More guns for everyone and no change in the law is what's needed
Dude, run a scan.
...Why did I take it?!!
Wouldnt a statement from the Texas governor make more sense?
I thought the most recent patch stopped that from happening
You can still drink and have sex when you're in a relationship.
O shit waddup
With the law.
Or they could just taste each donut and then go right back to being a vegan.
Thanks- I look forward to the next stream.
Don't forget Astralis :(
I mean, George Mikan is the pick if you want to go way back, but Russell and Wilt were both active during Robertson's time.
Just watch a different show.
Smart blokes
Pakistan is so fucked up
Dances with Wolves.
Impossible.
It's things like this thread that reminds me that, as spergy as I know I am, at least I'm just spergy and not creepy.
So how many episodes does one have to watch before determining they "really" aren't entertained?
Fellow ~~true aryan~~ blue-eyed blond here, me too thanks.
Comment or just edit the post to write a summary at the bottom.
Totally, man!
Last time i was this early, brexit was in the Pokemon Go Beta.
You might consider avoiding the left field pavilion, but otherwise you'll be fine as long as you aren't talking shit.
Cause PC is better.
That they shouldn't be getting shot at.
But what does it mean?
That explains the vodka.
indeed lol
Hey what's up invaders, today is Peanut Butter Information Day.
They have since been cleaned up, I'm afraid
She would probably get along with a Vulvaya that was in high school with me
0/10 no Jaws logo mimicked
Hope he talks about P&amp;B!
I guess it's a nice van
Squeamish one was I.
This site also frowns upon people not understanding that free speech means the government cannot prevent you from saying what you want, and not private entities such as Reddit who are well within their rights to remove content they don't like.
I would like a liter cola.
I am conflicted... Do I downvote you because you are on the DD bandwagon, or because you are doing a YouTube spam thing...
If this is true it'll be enough to 'screw' the competition.
No idea, I just know that's how you have to do it
Nah, the chat as cancerous as it was seemingly in a hive mind state agreed that the game looked "awful".
They go to great lengths to not admit that dota did something right.
Legit.
Lying to children is awesome!
.............
bring back old death merchanics
CHUGGA CHOOGA CHUGGA CHOOGA CHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is why we need to get started on that wall right now.
X4
yeah fatherless dads
And civilian casualties help fuel the growth of those in the West who want military intervention against ISIS
Well, the first two dozen companies on President Trump's *"enemies list"* have been entered.
Who gives a shot top less pic of mischa
I, for one, welcome our new shiny overlords!
The government now has to implement policies that he is opposed to and he doesn't have the will to implement them.
Hey thats me!
Lucky for me i am in a lake.
I'm sure they'll be safe in Russia.
Yeah, I thought the name calling was a bit out of line.
bro basketball back in days was easy as fuck even Toure Murray would have made that shot
Were only as strong as our weakest link...Tdog..
Yeah, that's how it works
Me ca lekesh do i ndertojme xhamite ne mes te Tiranes ne?
They fucked up
Well Marxism failed again, but I'm sure it will work next time!
The meme is good and all, but the creator's parents probably braked their condom.
Because I don't like her
Samyang 14mm f/2.8 or 24mm f/1.4 depending on whether you want faster or wider.
you're so fucking helpful
Whoops, I meant cardpacks.
The only criteria for my predictions are the bottom 2 spots of the league.
Where's that Twitter video bot gone to now?
I'm talking about what it means for their chances this year and what obstacles their team had when healthy.
I think it's bleach?
Yeah, those precious 10 seconds mean the world to you, sure.
Must have been grease on the court!
Windlands has a forward and backward only mode and still it gave nausea to pretty much anyone i know, which is really sad cause the game is good
Many see him as evil as Erdogan actually, if they're not seeing him more dangerous.
Yea can't log in.
The "big boobs gets with the protagonist" continues from Naruto.
Maybe you need to see a therapist If that sounds familiar
The donation to her campaign came AFTER she dropped the charges so its legit...... silly liberals.
I think abortion worked as intended, imagine a baby with that kind of mother.
Cause one represents a mental illness?
That isn't capitalism that is corporatism
I have that extension!
fully agree... Have learned a thing or two from themeatmen videos, they are quite helpful when learning to cook.
thats racist!
I prefer my candidates to smile and lie through their teeth at me during their speeches, that's why I'm not scared o Hillary Clinton.
inb4 copyright strike
Eh... I've already got a PS4... maybe a NEO and PSVR?
Sounds like the rubber band is starting to stretch a little far today...
because EDEN specified in the emails that he sent out with the only samples of the track to not share it, it was supposed to be his little gift and secret for the people who actually supported him
That's a terrible idea.
She'll be super appreciative of the lack of care and attention you've given her this whole time.
You beat cancer and then went back to the carpet store?
Imma do the same, i couldn't imagine me reading porn-related stuff on this sub lmao.
Does it face the Last Year of the First Era?
The creator of Wonderboy gave the remake his blessing
You're goddamn right.
Sorry.
The first, second and XF are all on my Vita, downloaded.
Nah, he will cost at least Travis and two pitching prospects
You have hydrochloric acid in your stomach
You forgot the
Wait, I need to know how to pay less for prescriptions, OP pls
Poohglet db2, Alice db2, marluxia paralyze, xigbar ab2max, stitch ab1, and I am pretty sure it was bc Mickey with prize plus, something with prize plus
Yeah, I wish we got another Nickelback intro!
Where to next then?
OMG SO RANDEM AND HILARIOUS XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Well, they should.
Do I need to bring my bank account info?
I wonder why anyone would distrust Hillary when she says she will push for an amendment to overturn Citizens United in her first 30 days.
Poverty makes for shitty people.
Yeah I am missing the first half.. gonna need somebody to do my shouting for me!
Thanks I'll try it!
I only played XG recently and went into it expecting the second disk to just be all exposition so I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of dungeons and other gameplay.
Nobody wants to drive to the sea!
How much..?
What part of this story isn't the free market?
No dude sorry, can't relate because I am not retarded.
i've seen this multiple times in nyc...
Turning 15 october.
This be a genderbend fan art.
Don't correct someone if you don't know how to spell it either.
Next you're gonna tell me wrestling is fake.
It's 5:36 in New York
How dare you have a measured and rational opinion?
Looks like we're some kind of... suicide squad
But remember if you bring it to an other island it will change to that form.
THE AUTISTICRATS!
Yes, this is indeed totally representative of Kashmiris in general and their way.
That thought crossed my mind.. and gave me anxiety.
stat trak dragon defender incoming you can either get a key to open the boss crates from 1000 killcount, or for a cheeky $2.49
We're coming for you.....Slowly...
You know, it'd be even more helpful if you recommended another CPU instead of going *'I don't approve of that one'*.
Gotcha, thanks.
Dario by a mile, Sebastian Saavedra is awful.
Zexal' second half and Arc-V are pretty good too, if you can get through the initial slog before plot happens.
Well duh cause a track pad is 1000 times more accurate than your mouse that uses lazers to move the mouse cursor.
What's up with that no doubt extreme police brutality I swear to Bob if this police brutality doesn't stop we will have riots and looting in that city....
He has a point; it should be "boyfriend-girlfriend" because the male should always lead
What about Jay Ajayi?
Holy hell why all the down-votes?
Too bad he's late by a thousand years.
Hmmm i had some of this....but didnt really think about it and kept the HOB filter going....wasn't long before it was all GONE no floaty leaves.
can some one make a video that has all of them
It will be with you 5 minutes ago.
Sounds delicious.
Hold your horses, it's not like it's already settled that Canada will play USA in the finals.
ITT Nakamura was used as a plot furthering jobber
Everyone knows the correct way to win a Luke vs Vader duel is by attacking him from behind and spamming slashes at him
Majestic.
Can't buy shit with 20 gold
Don't you know that if Apple isn't doing the exact same things that it was when Steve Jobs was there and nothing else, they've lost focus?
Looks like a perfectly accurate Grakata to me.
Oh right because you clearly aren't projecting
found the republican
Still, +157 is terrifying...
his software was bugged so the sub train was actually * 2 of the real one
but if i dont yell, ppl wont listen to my clickbait
Who the fuck are Dan and Phil anyway?
But you obviously can't tap out after turn 3 with Twin in the format
Then just ignore his comment
Yay for downvotes.
Very observant, I see.
Chaos is a pit made of ladders.
WHAT DID YOU SAY ABOUT MY MOTHER?
Obligatory porta pro shout out
Because there's no way there's literally any Muslim woman in France who could possibly willingly follow Islamic dress standards.
How, why, and why
wait so OSX was a bad idea?
No, no one has watched something from one of the most popular pairings.
And remember if you're a student, Election Day is always on Wednesday.
IIRC You can't be forced to testify against yourself in the adversarial justice system.
I think Baldwin said something about accepting some of the blame for being young and clashing with Harbaugh... Sherman as far as I know still hates Harbaugh.
Damn bro my friend has the same last name xd
I bet this lip art went down like a sinking ship
Chemtrails
I'm just wondering why he didn't use take a breather to top himself off before initiating.
well, then it's okay to act like an asshole
But he's half white so that does count
nobel peace prize winner obama has no issue with it though!
Certified... hes got his genius hanging on the wall
thanks :D i came to this sub just for this answer
However, someone linked to a pdf of it in this very thread.
You could have downloaded a hi-res photo and stared at that for an hour if that's all you wanted
You can now brag about how you banged a dude with an Emmy.
te falto este
Because it's the Leafs.
I can almost picture it!
You can also have both, the main sources for this piece want both.
Basia Merton?
But I just read people must have lied about it.
But Black is Goten?
No man the baby boomers are a hive mind reptilian race that have come to inconvenience us millennials.
I'm sure if someone were to accidently hit you with a car you would surely beome a Christian on your deathbed....
What a radical idea
That isn't an issue, we need to worry about how Trump may abuse government.
It's pretty much the same for all strains for me, indi or sativa.
Pakistan needs to rely on China, Russia is dead in the water.
He can't be a first option though
You have to flash in TWRP xposed sdk23 v88 zip and then install xposed-installer3.0alpha4.apk
Oh, I feel ya boo.
yes, because the only problem with email communication is that it's not instant
Nah, Chaos is DLC
you've asked for it!
News Shocker - Museums in the Parks approve of a museum in a park.
whos rps
Yeah I've heard this rumor a lot but wasn't sure.
Sabonis with functional knees was something else..
Because that's totally legal right guys?
Is that better or worse than a hard cunt?
Learn to spell his name before roasting him, jackass.
Yeah, so he just heavily implies most are murderers, rapist, and thieves...... Totally not racist.
Our soldiers are being mind controlled!
It's incase the bath catches fire
I'm sure The Wall would have stopped him.
The good news is when their baby is born with a defect they can sue the bar and claim welfare from the state so it's win win.
Or your Juggalo tattoo?
Just drop the damn thing
quality and original content like this keeps me coming back for more
Or pulled over for not using it
Sounds like a real good way to have your green riddled with divots.
cracked steam
Glad the Wolves lucked out and let fate decide on KAT or Okafor for them....
I've been caught in bumper to bumper traffic on 183 at 7:30 before, don't you spread those lies here.
Don Riegle
Yeah man fuck that guy for quitting his job when he realized how dangerous it was.
THAT'S A SINNNNN
why do you need the terrorism sauce in your bag sir?
Burnt Orange Media Conspiracy!
if only they had access to internet and werent so low information
Yeah try telling that to my mother
We should blame Hillary supporters for this with no proof.
Yeah, this alternative is soooooooooo much better
Any examples outside of misleading headlines?
Maybe they will come out with an actual Widowmaker hero with a nova skin... then it's all good.
...without courtship.
Funny
Get out of here with your Rockets flair.
Get a life.
This, and give it a hidden 83 defence xp when mounted to fuck with pures.
Admitting that men also have problems is literally the same was wanting to kill all women.
well ofcourse it hasn't decided its gender yet.
And he's Russian agent because he flew to Russia!
Adrian Gonzalez?
Yet another reason not to legalize and regulate...
PC gamers are such no life nerds
i hope you did not build it in february and waited to play any games until last week
Yep that's the websites fault not yours.
Have a seat over there, with the pedofiles.
If I was a rabbit I'd suck your dog's dick.
Hmmm a market for weed + naked chicks + the occasional dick pic.... sign me up!
Inbefore all of the toppagers commit suicide
On creuse encore...
Would be better if you can provide a screenshot?
D Low is in there, the Ralph Lauren hat
I've yet to find any tainted lands, sadly.
The Holocaust.......................
Maybe he can set up a "hotline" for all the "ugly" women to call in Money will surely roll in
He's too small!
Good thing the lane marking lines are all permanently painted with reflective paint on all the main roads and Circle Drive already...
You don't know about Nam
But racism!
the obvious answer is to not exclude from the NHS, and make sure even those with deficient grades, through no fault of their own, get an equal chance at membership.
Yeah because two months ago we were really slingin dick when it came to the actual good content
They don't count
Duh, haven't you seen Men in Black III?
A monstercat documentary would be interesting
Justin Wong was undefeated in MvC2 for like 2-3 years
But if I don't keep making repetitive posts without using the search bar, how am I supposed to get any attention?
Literally no difference between silver 1 and global
I didn't think science this reputable existed...
Those well planned terrorist attacks were actually bags of exploding garbage
I hope you forgot to add
Yeah manned attacks never have collateral damage
Flea who?
never skip legday
Thanks, bashers!
yes because we're all sure it can play games at 4k
Wait until you can say "Well I'm arena 8 F2P Level 1!"
Wow, what a deep and thoughtful political analysis.
I know, I love him as the Flash.
The first picture I saw was a dude getting it in the ass on a floor Not exactly my thing
But if you criticize Christianity is fine , but don't you dare say anything wrong about Islam you islamophobe, racist bigot
Don't worry you guys, I'm sure that the EU has thoroughly vetted each and every one of those people.
It's not boosting it's helping his subscribers, that makes it completely okay
Get a ricochet barrel Fibber and murder everything
Very true
Thanks for posting the outcome!
I'll take 1 please.
Ao so broken he can buy physical items, HiRez please
Yeah because guns are evil now and nothing else has changed
What about ***Uncle Grandpa*** ?
See the federalist papers wern't peer reviewed and they were ghost written by pseudonym authors so there obviously a made up source.
NEWS FLASH: EU NOW TOTALLY OK WITH BRITAIN LEAVING!
Shocked he didn't post that on Reddit.
The Dark Knight?
I've fired an AR-15 before so I know what you mean.
What time does the narwhal bacon?
We did swiftly defeat ISIS with drone tech so yes, point taken.
We should just not let women run, the way it's supposed to be!
Well that's what we need of course, even less people giving a shit
So glad you pointed out what was obvious and awesome observation at the parade: Cleveland has some beautiful people!
Yeah good thing the Leave campaign were completely upfront and honest with the voters
I hear you guys have some immigrants you'd like to export.
Make Kapkan Great Again!
Great, i'll need to try my hand at blending turfs because most of my 10mm looks boring af.
I see it now, so obvious, I should have no problems with my internal picture of myself anymore, thank you SOOO much.
You mean they don't get that time as vacation?
Nah this game is terrible
How dare you try to have fun, this is Smite.
How's this for a gold thread artist, momerator?
If he picks Marco, a Florida Senate seat flips blue.
The Jews obviously.
You're missing out fawning over the first female president you anti-feminist!
Litecoin staking, obviously.
Nice timing.
He's probably muslim, not white
Thank god Texas's problems are all solved once every two years.
Come on, she's just diabetic!
I read it in my textbook.
Female Inkling too OP, please nerf.
Exogenous factors are the best factors!
What?
Obviously Amazon should only count as 1 node.
Thats because he always follows spirit cause klaj knows spirit will get caught
Yeah same reason why ppl got banned for using a VO for League, and not a script programm
But you can't feel nothin!
Maybe one more and then the Republican convention will have a rule change.
17% of Hillary supporters voted McCain.
#barkbarkwoof
Haha nobody commenting on this.. weird.
Not to mention Russ passing it to Steph every other possession
This is how we get a Trump presidency.
I like you.
Ez karma
ggs hell of a team right there
(Rhabby proceeds to get salty)
Yet the labor participation rate has remained lower than 2008 levels.
theres literally 0 reasons to use steamvr for elite, you want the oculus sdk hands down, you can even get a key for home launching from frontier
The Martian Dead 2
They're not even fucking fish!
Still technically I'm right
r/wofl
It's less about brand loyalty and more about all the technical stuff involved was built through Apple products and Apple products have a way of making you stay with them because it's difficult to switch over and also transfer everything over.
Really curious if anyone will be paying attention to the football game at IGF in Winnipeg once they put the draft on the jumbotron.
Might as well sign Evan Turner to a 4 year/60 million while we're at it.
Jokes on you I use DuckDuckGo
Skyrim was always on the F4 engine.
biased!
Cthulhu, obviously.
If u crop this I guarantee it'll go to the front page
You just compared Liduk to Israel.
Fewer is the correct word to use in that sentence, not less.
Doubt he's fit cardio wise, also hes not exactly a small target
I'm hoping for a season every bit as good, hopefully even better, than last year.
Wait so Jack Campbell wont back up Quick?
Somehow not surprised by these social justice hypocrites.
Why'd you leave us?
M65 master race
Doctor said THC is filtered through the liver the same as alcohol, and can cause elevated liver enzyme levels.
So I'm assuming false is 1111 and void has the best movset +equipment and a baseball bat
Amazing chest ahead.
Hi.
Fucking amazing, she's stunning
From the thumbnail, I honestly expected it to be a gif of Enclave soldiers in X-01 power armor shooting her as soon as she stepped out of the Vault.
henesys...
Drinking birds are now macros
Only veterans will understand the difficulties of trial 3 when it's first released.
L U L U L
Oh.. Okay it's just Tory Lanez everyone.
those little arms flapping, cannot be unseen
She has consistently been winning the educated vote over every candidate, even Bernie Sanders.
Probe.
How could they not be found by now?
Piss 'n' Fear Day.
Rank Mid 40s North America, 1 in every maybe 50 players is rude
We go back to the polls for a house only election.
I find it funny that some people complain about others who complain because, rationally, they don't want to spend money or don't have the money to spend, which is the case most of the time.
Because this sub is populated with children
Go to Reddit India and search JNU.
Just do what sounds natural.
Mmm....
Captain role means jack shit.
Yeah I'm totally with you, it should be about ability not income level.
Just like the adoring fan!
Who?
Of course r/news isn't deleting this one; and none of the "lets not jump to conclusions" stuff either Obviously it was a hateful racist cis white male
It's simple man just do curls and flys with weighted tennis rackets and you'll get all the functional strength you need
Wouldn't triangulation require you to be connected to 3 separate networks?
I needed to read the title 4 times just to understand it
the free agent crop this year mainly for forwards is better than years past
Or because Nicole has a huge fanbase that was voting for her this week
A man can dream
You mean just before declaring bankruptcy and leaving his investors (taxpayers) to foot the bill?
I mean, I'd pay out the ass for one more square.
I totally agree, its just so raw.
You jinxed it!
#AquamanDidNothingWrong
But Barnes is on team USA and KD isn't!
He's pretty easily top 20.
If Matthews was born 20 days earlier, he would have gone 3rd.
It should be fine in GUNetwork.
No but there is one on first and main...close enough haha
This place is literally crawling of them
Thanks!
Of course you did
Oh boy, obviously you didn't play Diablo 3 1.0....
Cause being married to a VS model trumps dating an Instagram model
Spurs fan here, I would rather bet on Raptors.
Oh I put a bunch of troops behind my Valk at the bridge, it would be a shame... If the opponent obliterated the whole push with his Valk :(
Constant accusations of being a shill, massive downvotes, oh.. and some cases awesome PMs
It's not satire when reddit wants to believe it.
that's the real story here - how useless patriots are.
Anyone got the link to the original study?
Mitch Leidner still drafted 1st round by the Browns
Pick the Cubs, that's what everyone else this season did.
Pen Pen.
I forgot r/nba and apparently this sub desperately need the
Because my buddy with an ATT Note 4 still needs to be hyped for the update!
I could entertain myself with straightening up your incoherent stream of lies, but instead I will bask myself in your glorious butthurt :)
The only reason people post garbage like its is just because some people can't see past their thick sense of awareness.
There's already a million websites with all that info people can spend 5 minutes checking instead.
you should be sorry, you filthy Hanzo player.
holy shit that's cool
My wallet and I is are, There is snow on mount Fuji
The Shitposting is strong within this one.
Dunno about out of the box, but my farther loves a good ol' dick in the box
If she KNEW it was coming... Telepathy would be the only way to know before hand...
Same here in the Netherlands RIP pokemon go
One of the best skill traits in the game.
the real issue with the horse meat in findus food was since the horses had taken medicin that makes them not fit for human consumption.
So punish the 99% that do nothing wrong, by taking their property got it.
I made two communities that are just awful on reddit and made them parodies (the_red_pill, for medicine that's coloured red and bad comparisons to dystopian fiction, and im_going_to_hell_for_this, a christian meme and confession community)
Hold the door!
I'm afraid to ask, but... what are man-panties?
I hope that the store was insured.
Yep, Soho and Queen, Niagara and Queen ...
Yeah remember how balanced and refined equipment was
Yes because you make SUCH a cute "girl"
Blunt sense of humor.
Not when their man isn't using them, they aren't.
*Your
What if I'm a lot?
ill go out with your mum
What game is this?
Shouldn't infinity minus infinity be zero?
Maybe twice
Well, his wife is German.
Oh yeah those FE prices look great man!
Reclaim the Balkans?
Play a better game?
Because the racist conservative media that has a stranglehold on the minds of most voting Americans does nothing but show you scary black people.
Ah, this tridaily post again.
There are only ever CTR shills or Trump shills.
That's one industry in Ukraine that seems to be growing well.
Criminalizing a line of thought is a great idea!
I saw a car on I5 the other day that had "Dicks out for Harambe" written on the back window.
Still less annoying than Johnny Superbman's voice.
Because he is Hydra.
To clarify the answers others have given - the amount of views you are getting pay day has no relevance on the SSL certificate supplier or type.
I mean, his ideas ran NM's economy into the toilet, but sure, should work for the whole USA!
There it is.
I love how my phone OS affects it's physical properties!
Ah, reminds me of Illinois.
Like me, u/clickwir is nothing but an animal
yes
wow, me too, what area you in?
;-)
We call that "Azumi syndrome".
Ha I like that one, I need to right that down somewhere
I've seen one at the downtown Fire Department, but it's only been one occurrence.
It's not the trucks we should be banning, it's the engine components that made it possible for the truck to go faster speeds.
Fuck off.
Reckful with the current drama had like 40k
I think it's more about not wanting anybody else to have it than about specifically wanting Victor to have it.
Don't forget It's Always Sunny
What we are seeing is an absense of Uncle Tom Muslims
What is this word "mate" you use?
Just shout very loudly "Hard Reset" and you'll be restored to factory defaults.
See - reddit post i made on the topic last Friday in which many of the claims i made are substaniated.. And as i said then, I'm not taking pictures of these fucks, i was helping out with cats.
Because it's not like there's any pressure on the telecommunications industry to improve speed and bandwidth to send bigger files faster or anything like that.
New Haven !
But, so does the rest of your division
This could be solved with a Self Offender Registry, so people can know... and don't get re-offended.
Ao Kuang for t5
I'm sure a lot of players would happily sacrifice a lot of trophies to get their hands on the World Cup scoring in every game bar one on the way as well
That HS number is nice.
Well, I understand English, and my point that the wording is ambiguous and allows for the infringement of that right stands, regardless of your patronizing tone.
Why are they decked out in swat gear?
Maybe there is more to it, but I'm fairly sure saliva is the primary factor here.
What GPU are you waiting for?
Trump is friendly with Putin, so it's ok.
Burn Microsoft, burn.
same
And what great options!
Game Stops is the best video game store ever
Hope levels... slightly rising...
I'd rather hear them collaborate with Smash Mouth
Cool story bro, it's the same as at least 10 other posts I've seen.
Yeah it could have very well been any of us
Are you fucking autistic?
Yeah; we're all pros here after all including people just now starting the game; nobody here can learn anything else new from PoGO or try to share knowledge :p
Guess I should have added the
Funny thing is when the Conservatives in Canada tried ads attacking character they got laughed at by most people
Nah they just leech off the NHS mate.
it means you're flying an asp explorer
Is ticket to ride a european board game?
Op this is super generous thanks, I would love rust to play with my friends, thank you so much
But I thought everyone on Reddit knew this game was going to be the biggest game ever and niantic was stupid for not allocating enough servers.
I would probably scream in pure joy and have muscle spasms that cause me to throw my controllers at the wall if I met him in Rec Room.
you're both wrong, organ guns would be better
That attitude only encourages us.
I'm talking about the NCR clashing with the east coast BOS not the west Coast ones.
Yep cause all the comments in this thread are financially feasible lol
time for more bans...
No sos feliz
LOL
So is the unbelievable part that there is one, or that there hasn't been one before this?
He probably couldn't leave that out if he wanted to get a speaking slot at the DNC.
I read it, and it just sounds like lot of hassle.
But do you have your share of *tactical* Turtlenecks?
Sigh... I guess it's time to upgrade my GPU.
It is pretty much the same in any rural part of NV.
To the front page!
It's probably because Jews run the media and they don't like the Aryan look.
Because 2 hours is just way to far to drive to drive to get your child some help
Insuboordinate!....and churlish.
consoles
Foxy is girl confirmed
It's her genetics, shitlord
Very very rarely do you see reload bonuses being offered by PS anymore.
But now all the pokemon are at 0 footsteps!
I know a huge amount of people with dual citizenship and you can get passports from both if you want.
ALL'ITALIA OVVIAMENTE!
Yeah, because Trump's Muslim ban will solve the problem.
This is a trap.
How?
Started off a hit in Norway and faded as the season went on... Meant to be renewed but nothing confirmed based on final viewing numbers
fuckin commies
I did NOT, expect a TALKING SKATEBOARD.
Maybe, but he still uses petroleum products and drives a car that runs on gasoline, just like you.
Not with all the Clipper fans
No, all of the left facing and right facing sprites are the same just flipped in software.
Well then this bitch is cherry picking like a fucking farmer.
I wouldn't care for rep if I am rich honestly
Gitgudscrubn00bnodank1337mLgpr0kwiksc0p3sfrumu
I have Bashii, E9 Rift, Brass Knuckles, Fury Song, and Enforcer
An arduino or rasppi could function as the controller for a fraction of the cost in exchange for coding ability our taking the time to learn those platforms.
I don't know if I could, but I think this will be a last resort move for me.
Yeah, life was really shitty before the 2000s, right?
Yes, because all CoC builds require Voll's, amirite?
You sound like a real catch
It's all about the FOUNDATION guise geez.
Not what I meant ;)
What sucks is the 2000 photo limit :(
It's gotta be a metric thing, because if you look at some of the salaries below that they have much higher upper limits.
Jesus Christ, what have we done, better pretend PvH never happened and nerf everything related to the Pyro real quick.
Must be a leftover from 5th gen
this is like something i do in the beginning of a fifa manager career season; put in the all the big clubs over the smaller ones just for more fun...cause you know for the non-generic computer generated player faces
I determined we do not share an ideal.
I'm sure Osborne would supply you with acid.
In the officers defense, they don't do much firearms training.
Same thing happens with certain provinces in Britain, such as Leicester.
You forgot this
Guys, the starters won't evolve because we've seen nothing about them evolving, it's a first, single stage starters in Gen 7 confirmed
Now we don't have to see people saying they can't find Pronger on the market
After having just slapped my nipple, can confirm.
Hell yeah i'm only 10 but i get to be a teenager on the internet!
Anthropogenic Global Warming or using the Alarmist version, Catastrophic Anthropogenic Global Warming (CAGW).
Could it be that all the letters are lower case and the i is just in line with all of them?
Lol what a noob!
G?
We have 1 bad year and we're no worse than uconn?
You're not supposed to enjoy your life, you're supposed to have kids and be miserable like everyone else
you dropped the satire tag
you get an upvote because that song should never die
I'm assuming rhetorical and/or
Chinatown anytime Jake lights one up.
But I only see 1 Holding
To sate the arrogance of man
Doesn't matter had sex
Yeah it's also definitely not because some of us also believe that not every decision should be a business decision
Then why is there still snow sometimes?
Because if there is one thing you should trust from the Patriots, it's injury reports.
I don't even know where to begin to debunk this...
Breaker of chains!
Most people just put
Looks like the first attempt in "Weird Science" was not a winner.
she took it too far, imho
Just get an iPad Pro?
Wow, how genuine and sincere.
So what's the name of this tech
Pretty sure he was being sarcastic.
I thought only hackers compile programs?
Do the easy thing and just get over it.
Ohhhh lol yeah I knew they were gonna play it but it was still awesome I can't stop listening to Painting With now
I wonder what I would get if I opened that
You should've explained to your dad that she was Indian and not black.
Revenge for PS4 early release
But it totally makes game sense to take out Paul for Natalie, and not go after his comp beast partner Vic first!
Well, it can't possibly be Nexon's fault.
Apparently someone hasn't heard of the Mercedes F1 team.
Now you see me
You dropped this:
I'd say they were his favorite punching bag after Fox.
clearly this is only because mcauliffe is trying to steal this election by letting felons vote!
if you level them equally you are gonna be behind if you are wanting to do progressive raiding at the beginning, what i have seen most people doing/wanting to do is have a main spec that is ~4-5 artifact points ahead of OS so that catching up wouldn't be too brutal but you are still competitive when you are playing your main spec.
Rusev will interfere, but Roman will just beat him down along with the other 3 men in the match and become the new Universal Champion UUUUAAAAAAAHHHHHH.
That Nelson Cruz kid is a decently powerful person
Any idea where onix migrated to?
these money stealing devs want to steal my hard earned penny.
They are the same workers!
Wow, it's like they know *exactly* what we want!
Um.. I feel like you should put a spoiler warning.
Maybe Game Theory was right?
The writing is just recycled or rejected "Roast" jokes.
Their logo reminds me of something...
Obviously because anyone who wanted to experience something different in the one life they get is a lazy, stupid loser
But One Piece isnt on until 2:00
Wooo, Sauropod!
The lack of evidence is just evidence that something even more nefarious is going on!
And then I caught a glitched Pokemon and it turned into a lvl 80 Ryhorn!
Is anyone in here old enough to get the reference at all?
Don't you mean the Continent of California?
Well since you put it that way.....
Westbrook and KD
Good to know inanimate objects can make decisions for me!
Since the phrase "Las Vegas" is connected with gambling, the only acceptable name is Knightz.
1) Kaepernick is making a brave stand for a good cause 2)I'm glad he's not standing serves you right for having a revolution
I wish someone loved me as much as Zim loves 6'2"+ defenders
Dadada it's the motha fuckin a-double l-I-g-a-t-o-r
lol no clue
awesome, I live in SF so I will be sure to swing by.
So you can't pull with free gems.
That's because it didn't have a HILARIOUS title like this post does.
The human eye can't see in 10% increments!
MTGO
Yeah, but you know they are just going to spend it on booze and drugs
They released more than one song?
what brand are the chinos?
Nice and round anyway
I remember the bad boys back in the day..
But bro it was just a prank.
No problem but lord arima needs not the help of mere mortals such as ourselves :3 &amp;nbsp; Cult meeting is on Thursday nights btw
Wow, someone called us racists, therefore it must be true.
Everything that happens in nature is capitalism and private property, so any example you think of is analogous to a marketplace and private property norms.
Asking the important questions :)
Should have gone with R'lyeh.
It was defensive horn use.
The reptilian-illuminati!
Well, it was the last time they tried it
Yeah everyone knows Lewis post 2012 only dropkicked children down the nearest staircase.
How many cups....
And Teddy is throwing 1,200 yards to me.
They just released a short calm down..
He shafted himself by joining PSG before the Euro while it was 100% clear he wouldn't get much playtime over Maxwell.
My Computer Science teacher has never been through a Drive-Thru
From someone who played Fortress Craft: Evolved and Infinifactory.
0tt02 = piccaboo?
2sp00ky
but it's **112** countries
Yes I'm sure it was most likely an Irish terrorist and not a Muslim
I imagine they used rounded bricks to roll the quarried bricks into place.
Yeah the Rangers should have done it earlier to give you more of an opportunity to retaliate
Poor people won't die as easily
very close
Was he speaking Dothraki or Klingon?
They could tell the fake ones because it was the people trying to leave the Soviet Union that had them
MAGA!
Cars
Because it's all about me and right now
After reading these assholish comments, are you sure you still want to be in academia?
#relationshipgoals brah
That sounds fiscally sustainable
You're both driving boring cars if you ask me.
WELL
Yeah, idiots and their precious OSHA compliance, what's wrong with them.
Who needs social skills when you have the one degree that can get you any job and slays whatever pussy you want?
You know, the real victims of indictments have always been the people being indicted.
Ah, but then you could find out my personal twitter account!
Come on, it's not like "the black guy" is a major character, right?
Doo ett EnBeAYE~
Everybody is getting challenger there... I might aswell go to korea aswell
Yeah great idea to provoke a force you have no chance against.
I'm part of this sub cause I like her physically but I would listen to something like that.
confirmed GSP vs Mark Hunt UFC 200
It's clearly because I am throwing a tantrum over something that will generate Shark sales and for the benefit of seasoned players who need a long term goal.
Not our responsibility.
I'm sorry but this post is removed because I am a secret shill for the Hillary campaign and this damaging piece cannot be left here to spread the truth.
Ah duck it.... Fml
ahh, talking like a good salesman, i dont believe your lies!
If you don't polder then you deserve all the floods you get.
GS in 7
Real policys are LOW ENERGY , memes will MAGA!
Always keep 'em handy for when aggression strikes.
But we all know that the other toddlers were the real masterminds, they were boys after all, how could two fully grown women resist their commands?
Well who saw this turn of events coming.
Maybe not, we still got complexity in the groups!
It's just me
But racism doesn't exist in America we are all equal
But what if the cop says it's okay?
What about ur mom?
City of Culture 2017
Touche', ha ha ha
What, you don't like Jedi Jar Jar?
Reggie Bush won the Heisman?
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO FEMINISM AND IDENTITY POLITICS!
Sorry i think he forgot the
thanks.. I've been looking for those "no gays allowed" ball caps everywhere....
No no no, any one that does not have the exact same beliefs as me is uninformed.
At least they have great wifi...
How progressive!
Dude, they will use a high quality ethernet cable.
Just can't get white people together without violence breaking out.
Seems like a great place for open discussion about news events to me.
Because people who stay in don't ever try to do that and sell books and stuff.
So you're saying we need a Scorpio S in order to do both?
Yeah I hear the World Cup should have less teams so that the best teams had less competition
League is dying
Because Israel is a fabulously peaceful place with no terrorism problems at all
Nah Jill stein is basically pro gun, just like Obama and Hillary and Bernie.
Nah we need more commercials with robots and shit
the shell is on the wrong side
Nah just pretentious
Give him a high five!
Lol sure
I don't win the game when I put them in my squad, they're useless
As someone who has only used Sass, it is by far the best
He obviously just misses her
Eh, he's got nothing on Tecatito
It's not a game, it's an RNG prison we must overcome with EFFICIENCY, you filthy casual!
Nah there's still hope for Bernie sanders!
Seems legit
I'm sure AMD ended with at least $1.43, based on my history with lawyers
Your*
Spiderman is a requirement for 4k gaming, i'll give them that.
Must be a bug
No bengals?
But getting road rage is my favorite part of the day!
Probably point guard
That's not how it works, although I guess you're
You're right, it's not worth pursuing.
That would be pretty shitty I guess
Best part is.. it's his GF.. Obviously she's racist, and is only dating him to pretend like she's not.
Cuz that guy directed it
How I am with drugs rn
The sound of a 12-gauge pump chambering is a pretty good motivator, but you have to be prepared to follow through..
The same guys it's not China's fault
One more instance of growing intolerance towards minorities in India
But yet "we're not doing enough about gun crime".
Wait a minute, you mean to tell me Boogie isn't a superstar but Ben Wallace is?
xbox... you can tell by the button guide at the bottom... n00b
No, but like, he's turned on, so therefore she should be turned on, right?
So... hacks then?
Yeah, it's also very possible that she planned on attending it via video conferencing, which would require her time without having to necessarily travel.
That's impossible on many levels.
Wow, this was *so* necessary, thank you, OP.
Doesn't matter, still copper.
I want some JDM shit or I'm uninstalling.
If only they used encryption
Like he wanted to but he just couldn't.
You always have to pay for the 2 most expensive games in deals like this.
When I see 3 widows I decide that 4 is better and swap off of mercy.
Why not both?
British women for me.
Probably just look around, shop new egg and Amazon, find some you like and watch some reviews, that's what I did
Jim, was a bagpiper to the queen and Irene, who is old.
Rc
Let's imprison people for non-violent drug offenses and then pretend that the Contras aren't running a massive drug operation.
muh Fairness Doctrine
Church's is the goat
Yes but no
I bet it's not the first time ;)
I stayed at a Holiday inn express
The tip fell off
You really are an eel.
Pristine pre-war objects
one's p2w wizard the other is f2p wizard
Too bad, dibs rules all.
didn't razer have a custom painted jeep?
You're Momma
It narrows the field a bit, yes.
I remember seeing the gameplay concept somewhere, I think it was in r/2124.
I owned, boned and dethroned you publically on the internet, how can you live with yourself?
Not movies
Especially when defense is getting more attention, we have a lot of top tier defense starters
fucking millenials trying to mooch off of the govmt
El que lo escribe no se llama Miguel y yo tampoco :( Hola soy Pedro
Had no idea about this, that's incredible and needs to be its own story
I'm of the very few that believes Gus beat Jones.
Sorry, it just seemed as though you were saying that the original commentator shouldn't be bringing up those statistics which contradict a narrative of BLM.
How dare you use your own time this way.
Well it's a good thing enemies can only see about ten feet ahead, otherwise that would be a sneaking problem.
Can't access 4chan, can someone summarize?
He got down voted for being a condescending ass, not because of his fandom
Well that's because the 13 y/o should be tried as an adult for attempted murder.
Ah...!
Slightly off topic but it would've been Brian Clough if the FA thought logically
Bank was made
Ya that about sums it up.
*Relevant username* While I'm not glad it took losing CRS-7 to do it, I am glad to have the numbers line up...
It's clear that well, you've gotten yourself into a corner and you're hiding away to keep your theory up.
Hilary is working hard to get rid of that pesky 2nd amendment.
Is because i love this model, this is so like Adventure Spring Bonnie
Exactly, if you're stupid enough to risk a game for a challenge in ranked you deserve the loss.
Medusa?
Aaaaaaaaaaand you ruined it
I guess that technique is beyond 2k.
What are the chances that Clinton will not be the Democrat's presidential candidate?
This may not be the country for you.
The first one: "Okay, that guy did just walk out in front of him" The second, third, fourth: Okay, I guess this person's messed up.
He's a #whinylittlebitch.
Been watching futurama?
The fuck is a "Yummy Mummy"
You can kill yourself.
In all fairness, it's 5g of GG.
*and then their grenade* FIRE IN THE HOLE
without the UK, France or Germany?
Yeah me too, but they should be publicly humiliated and excoriated as an example of their stupidity and willful carelessness in order to shame others into embracing actual medicine again for the good of their children and public health.
We tried, but apparently for the ECHR that was a crime against humanity.
[Blundell voice] Today we introduce you to the pocket size Apothicon servant, it is not upgradable.... In Shadows of Evil
TIL 2 pounds is not an even number.
My 7 days profile expired and I set the time back then reactivates my jailbreak after reboot with no problem.
nice cloud XD
Poor guy, hope you enjoy your raw shit meat.
Sweet jorts, tubs.
Looks like a puff-in to me.
You missed your calling.
That wasn't classified info, that was baby pictures.
Not to mention the the obnoxious bravo layer all of the summer and winter, as well as the spring and fall.
They are
Well, at least its not a woman breastfeeding.
How about Sask Party cronies cough up shady land deal profits to pay some debt off.
How about some vietnamese audiovisual flipbooks while we're at it?
Because XPLJESUS is a mod
Now kiss!
Yea you totally know all this you work with them
Oh sheeeeeeeeeeeeit I just get more and more confused as this goes on and I'm loving it.
This is true, OP is suggesting that this feature should be added
Mariota is just fun to use.
Show me that email.
I think it is just a bad photo, if not im sure the triple fitness sessions will soon sort him out.
Stay strong my friend
It's because they're all spineless virtue signaling head cases, of course they wouldn't follow through.
This is my life
Boss is the CEO
Wading through the poop is exhausting mentally and somehow physically.
That doesn't show racist tendencies, that just shows the stupidity of religion.
Problem is they already took away federal funding from police because they were not reporting enough murders.
You need to understand that "Some DNC members favor Hillary" is not the same as "Hillary forced 3 million more voters to vote for her over Bernie"
I don't remember seeing this reference, but I recently saw the one with Gaius's Paring Knife.
This series has more zaibatsu memes then your average day on this subreddit.
It's ok, they just want to make sure their date doesn't have any baggage before they invest too much of their time or energy into dating that person.
You didn't back then either, this is an ad ;)
Looks more like a yawn
I doubt this would happen seeing as nothing has been set up for it, but it'd be pretty cool if Rickon did something wargy with Ramsay's dogs
Im using this 1 on Ele**c**tra bc DD s2 is out an nm ows me the uni bc if not its rasicm
I'm glad to see that Comey's mistakes don't have lasting consequences for others.
Yeah, free shipping in the UK, but only two extra quid internationally, and yeah tubes suitable for that size.
At least half of Poland, I imagine.
You in the burbs?
327 warlock M_Mouse43
If you didn't like nudity your browser history would be dramatically different.
Well... the Red Pill isn't a men's rights activist group
Because they are made up of individual items.
Really impressive
Potato potato ;-)
You already can't buy lead...
99% chance it was his mom that asked him to get a haircut because she likes it better when his hair is short.
I got caught doping...
I think that was Jean Claude Van Damnes first movie
Tbh i don't mind their sentiment at all, democratic apathy is rife and as a nation of complainers we really should do more about exercising our voting right and participate a bit instead of mumbling in bus ques.
That's hilariously cute.
Look at all that diversity!
On an semi unrelated note, It is interesting how after someone dies everyone forgets how much of a dick they were and they magically become a saint
A solid rebuttal.
Im sure the Dallas police department will join you in chuckling...
Drives me mad that these same people get all holier-than-thou when they find out someone smokes weed.
Maybe it's your shit mindset, ever take accountability for that?
So... the Labor and Liberal candidates in this Greens targeted seat are out?
It goes back to you
Name on the charter says different.
Then I'll just regress because I feel like I've made myself perfectly redundant.
This one weird trick will show you how!
Because Southern soldiers who fought in a war over 150 years ago *obviously* killed the two aforementioned Blacks.
I'm still laughing
He's as black as Shaun King basiscally
It rhymes so it has to be true.
Because you will realize you actually aren't that great at it but most people play the map for fun while you try hard your ass off, trust me once any mode has a Ranked queue and people play it to win, you will know it.
Yeah, he really acted like someone who doesn't want any attention
Party of Won
oh it is at 4pm est every saturday
Oh, most definitely.
If grace bite it will look hypocritical of her and might potentially shed her votes.
You've yet to meet my university's dining
DELETE
self hate is the worst
If I recall correctly it only shows hill assist on mine.
DUDE!
sick comeback genius, "no u"
Words mean things, and I feel like this is like everyone who doodles calling themselves an artist.
lmfao woody is a savage
I'm betting he thinks a real catch.
Just gotta stop eating sugar to kill the yeast that is causing the cancer infection.
free porn
Can I have your beer cellar?
yeah, how can we play without this awesome animation'ess
325
Unions are for communists!
Next week
Hell yes.
Aron Ralston
How much is it in Kgs?
You should have invited your friend's Mom to his party as your date.
Not if it puts you in any danger.
Same Reddit story, my same Reddit comment: White Guilt is very "in" right now.
It was a white guy in a polo though...
That's how I feel about Destiny.
Sorry I don't have a credit card do you accept cash?
Because female sexuality is beautiful and male is not.
Ha!
I think you drop this
yeah fuck english not being my native language amirite ?
Everyone is so impressed by this, while I try to figure out what the hell it's supposed to be
More likely there will be one lucky SOB who wins a lawsuit over getting fired for doing this.
TIL
You mean 39 of these things don't fit.
Sure, but I never thought it was "fun".
And they can be given back to their handler when they're done being cute *always*!
Well, if it owns IGN its no surprise that they'd buy something as obnoxious as Gawker.
:')
He's just mad because he "hates everything about life".
Not enough dank memes 0/10
Yeah, when stuffed in an olive, that's a martini garnish!
Banging your friends mom
rgr ty
They are trained to keep it cool though....
By "preworkout" he means drinks/mixes designed to be taken before a workout as a way to energize yourself for your upcoming workout.
You sound like a Trump fan trying to insult Trump.
Doesn't seem suspicious at all
Fuck you, Dad!
Jewish Germans
Oh no its the dress thing all over again!
PR...esident!
Don't be so ableist, the Paralympics exist for a reason.
how bad is yours?
His father ain't The Admiral, though.
B...But Kevin isn't a good editor!
There's homosexual couples, no popular kid only shows would dare to do that, get to watchin bich
Ah yes, that's why they're doing it.
Idris Elba as Black Manta!
Yep
Never thought about this, but that's spot on.
Going to cost more than the Dominators and not do anything new?
Ahhh, he practiced, to think I was impressed!
Even got the reflections on the tables I'm impressed
Fuck you too...
Something racist.
You must have a pretty low threshold for "convoluted."
by playing the female Thor?
Agreed, but obviously making a post on reddit is going to fix everything
A less toxic enviroment
I'd say it is significantly more likely than the Foster situation
Tiana is amazing but shes more for high end arena
I want Nexus Siege back ;(
Krakow
^^^^^^^^^:^)^^^^^wot
lower limit: n - (n * 0.1); upper limit: n + 20 + (n * 0.1); n=your level; you should be statistically more likely to invade a player with higher SL.
But guys, it's ok, because It's Her TurnTM!
Is it ironic that most of them have their heads so far up their beanies that they don't even realize they're being mocked
I'm sure reddit will upvote this post as far as the other one
I wonder what video games he played to do so well...
Violent liberals forcing their beliefs on others, again.
Not to mention it's not September yet either.
Serbia Google Mimi Oro
What a great role model for women to have speak at the DNC!
In the older days maybe, haven't had too many grenade launchers in recent games and it's wonderful.
Then let's make 42 pts and 16 boards
.....?
Yeah I have totally never in my whole life been called an "idiot" by a Trumpling before.
K. Feel free to vote for whomever you want.
than I think I'm arguing with you for no reason :-/
Ahh yes America the shining example of democracy in action.
Interesting, I've found the opposite to be true.
Oops lol.
The abandon is literally the cherry on the cake.
Daesh was born by removing the Iraqi Army-incendiently the same thing you're alluding to that you want to happen in Syria by removing the SAA and Ba'ath Party.
He drops his Soul though, so that argument doesn't make sense.
we should just make all people pay for education after we teach them basic english.
Insane in the membrane
Next we should let them have some nukes so we have a better idea of what cities they'd target
Oh I get it, you're talking about the big Groots from the Ring.
you mean flusha turning cheats on?
If only we could all be like you, oh reasonable deity of peace
I've heard there's ghosts :!
[W] Atrophic Skitterwing [H] offers
We have Coughlin and they have Sean Rodriguez, so won't be nice for awhile.
You forgot the part about killing babies
Strong powerful people don't allow murder to occur, therefore if someone shoots you is your fault!
Islam khatre mein hain
It's ok I guess, personally I prefer digg
Warcraft 3: ama ended :^)
He obviously shlouldve had a track limit penalty for going wide in turn 1.
I suppose, but someone still has to be president.
They did such a good job with E-league
They're both awful on foreign policy.
But but Labour won a Parish council seat the other day somewhere
1v1 me in cs:go fgt
Mine if from Brazil so I'm having an awesome time right now...
Um yeah the day that that starts being cute I'll let you know
I like "Feminism isn't about men" - I don't like the idea of carving people out of spaces, like they don't have a right to exist in that space.
Too hot
If you want to be "C&amp;D proof" then you maintain a publicly accessible mirror of the source code/media from the start.
Praise be!
Used to be able to do that in dota, still got you multiple people incapable of speaking any of the languages you selected in your team though.
And because of fallen's contribution to the community
If Elincia were to be a Bischop in the final version of PoR, Radiant Dawn's Part 2 prologue would have been pretty weird.
smh when will the Japanese treat furries as equals
I don't care if someone's drinking a Coke but if they're sitting around talking about how much better Coke is compared to Pepsi then ya...muh art is suffering.
You for sure have enough details about this guy to be making grand assumptions.
Such an overused lyric for birthdays... I prefer "Nineteen, your eyes are glowing to my beating heart"
Sounds good :) I'll give it more effort.
But voter ID's are racist!
At least he got his Azir skin.
No time for questions, just get your dick out
Like dota and it's amazing custom game passes
Can I buy those buds?
Moran's jealous
Haha yeah... My tires will attract more eyes now ;)
All of Nickelback's greatest hits
But they're so badass
How dare you want to spend your money on something you want and not what I tell you to spend it on
Yes, but Wonder Woman's wearing a Hijab, so this is automatically SJW-pandering drivel and why almost every comic ever published now is trite.
I'm happy
A land of milk and honey obviously
The armies are getting rid of the brown people
I disagree, we implemented some changes, they just didn't have the teeth because the cause is not fully understood.
Parents.
I trust that the Eucharist sustains me constantly.
The characters didn't question it so why should you?
San Francisco City and County vehicle number 661 451
When are the yo mamma jokes?
He's not even allowed in to some of the places he plays at.
Stop being oppressed and show us some skin
You make a fair point, man.
Good thing we let Hammer walk for nothing then.
Yes, that is the DJ Snake collab ID
so much valuable advice
Why not just have Zoro fight kaido and big mom considering he's the strongest on the crew?
I guess at that point Brock would owe Hulk a cool hundred milli
you should definetly start with an item
I try to put myself in a Sp*rs fan's shoes, then realise I really don't have it that bad.
I was simply suggesting to use it as a quick reference
Maybe they're talking about their winter, which is our summer, because they live upside down?
lmao delicious irony
Thank you for the heads up!
Must be shintoism.
Damn personal attack much?
Meanwhile all the redditors making fat jokes continue looking like human meatballs.
Just like how Secret kicked Misery and w33 for bigger more stable names like Artour and Universe.
Even Computer Science?
I don't mind helping what do you need?
Rape culture don't real unless it's adult female pedophiles.
ha ha, would that be his gloved hand that allows perfect droplets of blood to escape, or his bloody hand that leaves no fingerprints?
And now Delta gives you a pack of pretzels and two dry biscuits on a flight from California to NY :(
No fam, it's an anime, like Avatar, Korra and the old Teen Titans.
Though since Republicans all want to give tax cuts to the rich, it makes sense.
Lol
I'm guessing them putting his locker right next to Luck's was just a coinsidence
Sadly for us the technology just isn't there yet.
But you can sense when they're emotions from across the city, right?
Yup, there's only one bad politician and he's in Wisconsin.
Well then, you just need some good drugs!
Fuck Bird's girl apparently.
Between the two of you, he's definitely the one who comes across as butthurt.
May Allah continue to preserve the muslim countries and help them be firm upon the *Haqq* where ever they have went wrong and may Allah assist them to preserve the Prophetic *Sunnah*.
including civil disobedience, riots and war?
Yes, you're the only one
Did you just say that Conor has "at least" as much power as Hendricks ?
Well, guess ill have to kill every fresh spawn with cargo pants now.
Interestingly enough, the student's response was equally ubiased.
Nokia 3310 masterrace crashing in!
placebo
yea it is... i had to pressure them to give me a swallow study
Not just allowed but voted to the top everyday as long as they are pro Bernie or anti Hilliary
The cig lighter/obd fuse on these cars is actually under the hood
You could say he's lost his head, and his bearings.
I'm scared of Batman not his nancy sideDick
No idea, but I do know that Paper Jam was made by Dimps.
My life has been a lie.
Good!
Stamkos signs with Chicago
mods delete this shit
Sounds like fun.
But it was the other guy's joke!
Sexy defense
But aren't you afraid you will become strong enough to do things...without a man's help?
Nice... I really like all the cords and the reclaimed wood feel to it
Your verifiable facts are trying to say that it works for some remote village so it will work for a whole modern country.
Yeah, he obviously made the most of his opportunity.
Let's just say you wanna go ahead and avoid Oklahoma
You mean this isn't the NX's name?
Nah he's just trolling extra hard, this was actually bm in Korean culture
Yeah but trump draws large crowds, and Hitler drew large crowds, explain that?
They won't give him a hand?
Yeah, here's a list of all our religious dogma:
Do it and then let me know how it turns out.
Boy am i glad im not the only one who felt that way.
I believe it's called potent protein.
Thing is, you're a part of society, if you won't change then why should someone else?
But they are not his tax returns soo it does not matter
Upvote in 5 secs or bad luck for 13 years.
Well you wouldn't charge a pregnant woman for their unborn child to go see the movie, I see no difference here.
Oh but they apologized so all is well
Fastest way to achieve anarcho-primitivism.
Also going out for an RA position in future years will probably cover housing and food.
but it was for science so it was ethically OK.
Fuckin frenchies
Joe could fit in some tight places, that's for sure.
Nice video, no POV, 10/10.
People shouldn't be informed, they should be punished for not being me.
Bundesderby?
I think you dropped this
that's because obviously ALL white men have opportunities thrown at them like rice at a bride/groom sendoff, so basically any white person who isnt successful is just a lazy turd that chose not to eat off the silver platter that is his life.
I'm 26. ;-)
Because Small Ball is a trend now in the NBA and Tyronn Lue is a hypebeast
How dare you cater to anyone other than straight men...
Fuck those soldiers... We need warplanes no one wants
Why did you just post a blank comment?
maybe joining steel team
Life has never been fair
'18-24'... Totally 18+ only
I reported u n kitty cocoa becuz u r under aig
Thanks for clearing that up
Because if there's one guy on this team whose PAs I want to maximize, it's Cogs.
Well, I guess that settles it, they will have to place motion detecting rifles at the door of every restroom in the nation...because if you can't be sure, we can't take any chances.
Im pretty sure Derm was a PF
But that's still not as hard as being queer : \^)
But.. but.. but I thought they were doctors and lawyers
Because everyone follows that!
Good job on ignoring their wishes
well the packaging has "MAX" and "Power" on it so it must be too strong for our delicate flower of femininity teefs.
And you stating this will save his life, you are a hero and I salute you!
I have no idea about light but in super [goku moves faster then half a second of time so take that as you will but I personally think it means he is]
The UK isn't on there either, but half of us can't speak English anyway.
It's an aeroplane!
Yes, PrestaShop has a decent (though not complete) API that lots of businesses use to integrate it into their existing systems.
Actually I think it's chucky for kp3 Chucky NARUTO Motaro with two legs And Hsu hao
Payphones quickly caught onto this and fixed it, but that's how pulse-dial works and using the hook emulated pulse dialing.
He's the dude with the bloody fingers duh!
Jesus there's some clowns on our roads
axious pussy bitches unite!
TIL people don't like Roman Reigns.
Considering that they have got it from a free download on Interweb, it works rather well.
I got a tick stuck in my peehole
yea that one
We moeten ons toch geen illusies maken?
Yes, self-defense is totally religious and has *no* basis in common sense what-so-ever.
You obviously haven't been educated enough.
You forgot the
Eto pala yung Plan B ni Marcos!
The line was long, but other than that things went smoothly for me as far as DMV experiences go.
LOL yeah sure.
Of course, because girls get piercings to attract guys, and not because they just want them
It got nerfed enough!
Sweden understands that girl needs to assimilate into her new culture!
Benedryl: the Father's Day gift that keeps on giving.
Thanks everyone for their support and advice!
Yeah if they played the game there would be no changes thus nothing would go wrong.
Well fuck Trump for wanting the media and journalist to make factual claims based on hard evidence instead of just making shit up.
KQLY incoming
Because that's how lonely this guy is.
Good thing they still have such high-quality coffee
Wow cis gender male scum, maybe the person was grand or non-binary you fucking make me sick
Because riot never goes back on there decisions to sell skins that were made to be one time only offers
Nice job covering the silent aim!
THE FUCKING SKY IS FALLING THE END IS NEAR
Clearly these afflictions are caused by the racist and bigoted Republican party.
...Welp... MY panties sure dropped.
Send everyone to NWT/Nunavut so we can establish our sovereignty in the north!
But it will be good for American BusinessTM!
Shit defending
Get outa here with your logic, you can clearly see him whipping the child
But its just a corner case...
Let's all vote for a fascist so that we can stop the other fascist from winning.
Absolutely, now you get it!
Gawd, old people are so stupid!
F
But if the boys see a shoulder, they might have babies
Javvy doesn't like him as much as he likes Hendricks?
Well to be completely honest I didn't even realize he was black!
This definitely outweighs the pros for gun control.
I mean, if you include how many times he mentions that he is rich, that must push his average up to at least 90%
Nice try Anet
I clearly see a hand as well.
Clickbaity title needs a
I just don't feel comfortable with some *sexual predator* pretending to be a man just to get a look at my junk.
You forgot
Jimmy Howard beat the Rangers
Forgot the
Why?
We got him now period.
Has the islamization reached a point of no return?
Gallagher would be a nice add, but i'm not seeing Mtl pony him up.
Hi, I was just diagnosed with Ebola.
Or she punched out the screen and is doing her own TV show, Adventure Time style.
Sure, but this is a 300% increase.
Just bought a 24 pack of PBR.
I don't understand how his supporters don't see this.
CYKA BLYAT IDI NAHUI
CNN ducks at B roll
No problem.
Kindness.
Truly disappointed this isn't a thing.
I think he would just prefer it if someone groped him.
Everything that there was to be squashed was squashed and seeing things getting squashed gets boring after a while.
How exactly do you determine skill rating in chess?
Fantastic picture!
Is 10 hours really average?
Sssshhhhhhhocking...
I guess you wouldn't suck your own then
If only Hickman were still around, he's the only one I really want writing Doom.
Pudge isnt even best as mid lol
Why?
Awesome!
Interesting location.
Ult Gohan was very difficult for me considering I lacked a good buu team, luckily, when the WT reward gave me the PHY Super Buu, I beat it with much more ease
If everyone decides to vote for someone "with no chance of winning," guess what happens.
Argue more
I feel like I've seen this art style in a dozen R34's.
One of his best videos of late.
Exactly.
Naturally the more wins you get the available teams reduces, hence connection is degraded
Agreed, people just *love* to rag on Ubisoft.
No, silly, it's a golden
Peppy is my lord and saviour.
You gotta know when to hold em Know when to fold em Know when to walk away Know when to run
Jesus, NSFW that!
This needs to become the response to every stupid "FUCK DRAYMOND GREEN" karma whore shitpost
you forgot the giant skeleton
You made the movie the jackal?
Weber scored 14 power play goals last year!
I have a page monitor
What a happy boy!
pretty ignorant blanket statement right here, should we follow it up with anyone that drinks alcohol on a regular basis is known to be a complete loser?
Once KD signs with them they will be again soon
Squirrels generally like to hoard acorns.
Correct, however, that was last Sunday
well maybe people wouldn't cheat if the game isn't designed in a way where ppl in rural areas litearlly have no pokeballs and 30 rattatas
I would vote for Biden.
Danario Alexander
The biggest problem with this neat trick is that you have to have attuned Pestilent Mercury.
Speaking as a man - checkmate
This had me in tears.
there's another vfr400 on eBay right now, 6 days left and it's already at $2200 if it stays under $4000 then it's going to be seriously tempting
I always take my iPhone... I never get a connection but it's useful for reading, playing games, photography, and making notes.
Bout time
Never bring a BB gun to a machete fight.
/thread
Wow that helmet looks amazing probably going to be one of the best looking characters
Everybody knows that Germany and Sweden are terrible places to live
We need these Ed Edd N Eddy memes.
Magnolia is boring
Why doesn't she like you?
It's a sickness.
BOI
I was at school man
Come on now ISIS, you haven't given us time to finish putting our french filters on our facebook pictures
Police can surely beat 3% of the army though
My head, even for a trillion dollars I wouldn't sell it so to me at least it's expensive.
This kind of shit is why you're gonna be sold and not picked for the NT.
I can believe this because the same happened for ingress.
Yes, ban cars
How many fucks given...
I train UFC bruh.
he's more of a Captain T Kirk than a Picard anyways.
And my drawing skills are not even enough to draw a god damn plant correctly.
How the hell did you make the connection between overpowered and draw?
B5 S4/RS4 forums also.
But Saudi Arabia is a country where atheism, apostasy, being gay, supporting democracy, witchcraft, or daring to do anything independently while woman would make one a "criminal", which is among many other reasons why it's such a shithole and objectively worse than any of the other countries you have mentioned
Yeah bro, wouldn't you want to build your franchise around him as your #1 option?
Holy shit that arm reveal this
So you're admitting to being a prick?
Have you taken it apart and tried putting it back together?
Get a hammer
True.
The guns just make it more accessable.
i'm sad that in the montage they didn't have the time that their leg crossing was in sync when they were trying not to do the same thing.
I'm not your cocksucker, dickface.
Ummm talking specifically about the suit hardware, not his fall to the Dark Side.
Hoverboard
It's not an official Monstercat link, and I've always had these done separately.
I would play the hell out of that game.
Right, I prefer toilet paper for my nose as it doesn't break so easily.
that's very funny - thanks for a chuckle.
Which is fitting since their policy is a GaG.
Does it count if I'd pay not to?
r raisedbynarcissists
Your life is almost immediately dictated based on where you are born, and in many cases there is almost nothing you can do to change that.
Personally, I don't car about what you love.
Yes totally not a start of a new technology at all... we've all had consumer grade VR for decades now.
Assversity
I'm willing to bet Bill Gates doesn't have more than $250k in his checking account.
Absolutly nothing, unless you make a big deal about it.
Well, I did hear somewhere that the body has a way to shut that whole thing down...
Yeah, I don't think I will EVER finish GK eaater egg
:(
Not as important as blatantly disregarding the constitution or the threat of using nuclear weapons.
I want to see what happens if Trump actually sees this.
Totally not exploiting a recent tragic event
Except n4g takes the cake for me and many others for fanboyism.
We just became best friends
Viewcrest is it I think, it's a good way to go as an alternative.
ShockerMC
It's not like he just got 4 kills or anything, right?
i could have used my 3rd cod instead of chizuru and finna instead of lenna and it would have been the same
Megalophobia - fear of fighting Sans
And though it's smoky and it's crowded they're too civilized to complaaaaaain
#fartnoises
Listen, she has *experience*, that's what matters.
What if that would cost billions of dollars in archive building/maintennance and serve absolutely zero purpose?
I believe for ios you need to make a Japanese itunes account and download it from the app store.
Um, the Bill of Rights disagrees with you.
Ah, a movement I will definitely support now!
More like Knight is the dumb muscle that Consular sends out to smash things...
I think on top of that, a lot of trap artists just through out as much as possible and oversaturate themselves very, very quickly in an already vast subgenre SS2 was at least as good as Lil Boat for me, you didn't like it?
Who?
They confirmed the flaperon from Reunion was from MH370.
They very well might have more facts than us, but for who's benefit are they going to use them?
Than read the title.
He literally answers your question in that clip....some people have selective hearing
Well, we're not faggotty and/or passive-aggressive, anyway.
No problem, thanks for the answer.
Because this isn't deja vu
CoD with WW1 skins.
Thats the monkeys paw tho
Yeah, but evolution is only a theory.
Don't do it until your Pokemon are stronger.
It's got enough in common with most MMO's that the possibility of full party wipes in instanced/endgame content should not be a surprise to you.
And so the cycle is complete
I think you dropped this:
The DNC doesn't want the party flooded with progressives
yea the japanese skin voiced by a japanese person is more racist than lunar tango you should honestly consider f6ing your life
But, but I thought I was being amazingly charming and hilarious.
KVM also supports PCIe pass through.
LUXURY
k
Steve Buscemi was a firefighter during 9/11.
While still wrong, I think the issue is that there are far fewer of them applying, not an issue with them being inferior.
I just hope someone is kind enough to share some FLAC rips of the bonus track with us peasants who can't afford the special edition (unless they release them separately, in which case I'll happily shell out $3 or $4).
iirc cryptokey earn rate is the same across all game modes, but I think winning might give a bonus (I cant confirm this)
dOn'T cALL reid8740 StUpid!
Yeah it's a thankless job for sure.
A dual gpu titan x
Yeah, where is the fun in giving talented players an advantage over others?
When was Shadow of Mordor given away for free?
Wow, a Pikachu face on a McLaren, what a total piece of shit million dollar car.
A hot emotionless robot.
PLS I NED DIS
Lizard Overlords
And this is exactly why I hate Unions.
That is actually how Ron Paul answered that question.
you realize that Valve wouldn't bother because they don't wanna waste time having to code it, then fix all the bugs that would string off of it.
Oh so you're against spontaneously becoming another race?
Vikings
I have done nothing but release stupid updates for 3 days!
That sounds like some GTA shit right there.
Because a candidate can't win without reddit
Well, it's good thing that we aren't on a sub dedicated to poking fun at different groups!
Picked up the flannel and GNR tee today too, I was surprised when I walked in and they had damn near everything (no shorts sadly) in stock.
Karma is karma.
No buy back clause?
Best done facing a room full of punks in the process of robbing a corner store.
This is possibly the dumbest thing I've ever seen in my entire life.
They are fleeing the type of people that we welcome with open arms and then put them all together as if nothing is wrong.
Traptrix Madolche Both sets are adorable and you would think that Traptrix could cover the vulnerabilities of the Madolche archetype in that it normally doesn't have much defensive capability.
Thats not how it works bud
I'd have to be feeling very bad about my short game to try putting that.
yes, if you go to a clothing store all of the clothes will be listed in the menus... you can even preview them without buying.
Fromunda Cheese does not contain dairy.
There's that, or... GOOD GRIEF HE'S NAKED
That makes sense, but it kinda sucks because it hurts seeing crappy teams be able to steamroller me when I sim
I don't think he's listening, he's more focused on the game.
I believe the ability to do this is only if you use the WIN10 game controls to record the clip
Yeah, you guys have it rough.
Next time dala ka ng vetsin ewan ko lang kung masulot pa yan
And he carried at least 7 different axes.
Still two weeks away, not even worth looking at.
No boundaries are being set by men with engineered low T
oh well, it's unfortunate :/
Hey don't knock it till u try it
Probably clicked on those free movie links.
Goed marktonderzoek
oliciters are angry at Ame...I mean Olibur for having children with TWO different women before Queen Smoak
Even if he was, his barrel was pretty much jammed into the back of that guy's skull.
I... Uh... Hmm.
They should be thanking America for getting rid of their shitheads for them... bunch of fucking ingrates.
It's a toss up seriously, TO averaged 1200 yds, and 13 TD in his 3 years with Dallas, also only 1 fumble (Dez 14 in 6 years).
try veno kotl.
lol i played an esea pug when stoned and got 18rws or something crazy lmao
they gone quick post memes
There was an entire scoring system and tons of hidden scenes
but the SJWs are taking over reddit cant you seEEEE
*literally*
Well, it is a stupid rule...
Those votes are checked against voter rolls so if someone has two votes come in under their names there will likely be someone looking into it.
Yeah sure, why would Trump supporters be on /politics for any other reason other than butthurt?
Yeah knowing exactly which heli-crash loot routes to take as soon as the server starts is really realistic and adds to gameplay
Right, because the CIA can't hack into any phone's gps or camera unless it's through a popular game.
Someone from a swing state will get picked
I'd buy that car if you are ever willing to sell it.
Just what we need, Ryan Braun mentorship.
I went to Applebee's today, didn't get that, your story must not be true.
You mean you haven't seen any welfare queens in your neighborhood?
I suppose the intentional gender association with positive and negative portrayals are what I considered sexism.
I mean, we can put a man on the moon..... you think someone would work out a way to upload files and not delete the original.
Are you insane blizzard would never print a card like that it would just be an objectively better execute
Why not 3ds instead?
what is session view?
It's news, and only tangetially political at this point, in that we can only assume how this issue will fit into political positions.
#CONSUME
Every single game on Steam: 10/10 FNaF 1, 2, 3, and 4: -9999999/10
Oooo my goosh, look at all that snoow oot the windoow
Maybe they don't use one
Wckjavierin3d
PS exclusive bruh.
You forgot
literally autistic
Might contact one of the sailing clubs out there once they give the ok for recreational use on the lake again.
May I add you for cloyster?
Tony Revolori doesn't look douchebaggy enough to be Flash Thompson
I think he forgot this:
You know I could have sworn Fargo was number 1
They're perfect for each other
the nanny, duh.
Milo Yiannopoulos
Find out the flavor tonight at 9.
I tried "the Holy See"
Holy crap that's terrifying.
Yeah, we're gonna go back to the default style very soon.
hahahaha TOTALLY ORIGINAL!
Because our players graduate?
BUT ARE THEIR IVS PERFECT?
Odor has some monster dongs under his belt
Comms, field radio operator, combat engineer
you forgot your
Spoilers, bro!
They're trying to take over more land that isn't theirs
You should have added a
Like ghostbusters?
*Coming to a Hearthstone expansion near you*
I'm pretty sure that when she shows him all the people on Reddit disagreeing with him and agreeing with her instead, he's going to change his ways pretty quick!
Obviously you're not doing it right
What's our vector, Victor?
I'm not complaining about roamers, I'm complaining about Pulse.
Just give them numbers from previous lotteries.
Titan X(p) 8 way SLI with quad 6950x's OC'd to 7GHZ with 16 4TB SSDs running in RAID 0 and 4TB of 9133mhz DDR6 running in Quad channel.
I still need to see the newest season
Larry I want to bet that it is not.
PSN you get some great avatars
Yea because having one of the fastest rap segments doesn't make the song good at all.
Just for some context; I was up by 8 at this moment, he had the ball with two quarters to go and he kept trying to get me to join a party but I already knew how that would go so then he sent this.
plottwist: stan shortly after died of liver cirrhosis, becasue the asshole was also an alcoholic
I think you dropped this then...
Were you in my game?
Alongside Strike and TT, it's pretty much the only relevant card from BOSH, so it wouldn't make sense for Konami *not* to reprint it
It is 2016 and you are clearly in denial so we need to get you on Hormones ASAP
He certainly doesn't have to pay them as much, the average 8 year old charges less than your average Mexican and isn't as rapey.
PicLab editor
Local physics grids aren't some crazy arcane tech, they're pretty commonly used in blockbuster action series like the Uncharted games.
sarcasm I know that Hendersonville is a really scary place with all those white people and their gangs and parents that aren't around much because they have to contend with the traffic to get to their jobs in the city.
Old enough to ask, old enough to know I say.
5 years ago I was listening to monstercat releases
When too much spirit energy is concentrated in one place it builds up and can manifest itself in certain ways especially when the spirits are particularly angry.
So you're saying that if I'm offended by what someone has to say, they lose the right to say it?
6mg Nana cream, thx.
Amazon
Not sure about our depth at hooker - Coles is amazing, then there's a pretty big gap.
That is totally staged.
I used to call ( and I still do ) it marshmallow.
We can always stick huge dams in the lake and peak districts..
You must be *that guy* at parties
The ludovico technique comes to mind comrade.
Name calling makes your point oh so much more valid.
You can't be sexist to men
Says the guy with an Owens flair.
No AMD Ram or SSD, 1/10 for effort.
Ok
Hahaha Love it!
When they ask about the weather up there, you could spit on them and state, "It looks like rain down there."
Thanks dude you really are a god
I love your hair.
Lol This is from the updated Imitate their Faith book.
Dude he says he also knows Japanese...Anyway, did you know Arabic is dying?
You've been there, then?
Get sonic ether's shaders and see as those frames drop down to 5
aloha snackbar
A wrong one tho...
NOT EVERYONE SMOKES WEED GODDAMNIT
My friend who doesn't play LoL linked this to me with the description 'wtf has Riot done, this is the cringiest shit ever' so I guess it's a good advert
Ach well, might just have to be charitable.
It's to offset the price of the PS4 Neo, this way they don't have to charge so much and be more competitive with the upcoming Scorpio.
To give Zagara, Falstad, and Brightwing the buff they deserve.
Reposted literally from a month ago
You need the
Now that is how you show the Russians that Norway is not to be trifled with.
not pictured: "A CELL, FROM THE PRISON OF ELDERS" - Ghost (Destiny) - dBA 1000
But if you don't constantly move through space, you can tell nothing moves around you!
Okay seems legit
If i remember correctly there was an article previously about how the DVOA for the vikings is also a "mirage" and how that first game against the 49ers destroyed the whole metric for them.
flip sandals
You sound fun at parties.
So I can see Samantha is high quality so I can have something to fap to
Stop right there I'm shipping her with DL!
vaccines
Makes the Dark FG super easy!
America, 2016: victim of armed kidnapper/terrorist escapes, media has no interest in where or how he got his gun, spends a column inch saying AND HE HAD A BONG.
\#thathappened
Yes, I also like to use a **hookup app** to find strong friendships.
Pretending like the Government has any power to control DCNS
Does that mean Coulter and Rush were secretly "establishment"?
Cup or bust!
Obviously Wikipedia is monitored and forced to suit the feminazi agenda
Are you with Chicks On The Right?
Still better than the goon caracal fit
Waiting for all of reddit to praise turkey as a tolerant country now for being so open-minded
Ya, it was the WORST album of 2015.
The infamous 'Napoleon complex'.
30-40 Krag
uninstall.
Typical Sky bias...
Co-Head Coaches lives matter!
I'll take my crab juice.
I appreciate the time and effort man, looks awesome
I would be sooo happy to wake up one morning and see a Hillary Indictment Megathread.
I'm sure if we just do nothing the power companies will get right on expanding their abilities to accept power from consumers
capitalism aint the same as fair price, are you a communist?
I don't understand what so bad about the English version, seems lighthearted and playful.
Well since the 970 is 3.5 out of 4, by scientific calculations, the GTX 1080 will have 7.0 out of 8.
dammit I just bought a new $440 polo shirt made out of the souls of the children that spun, cleaned up, and created the silk shirt.
Hah slavery joke
Nah dude he's a cancer, only chucks up shots and is taking the ball away from quality Normal Powell looks
Great meme bro xD
Yeah, screw those casuals with lives.
I'm sure it's Merkel trying to impress her Turkish colleagues.
You can, you just have to go reeeeeally slow.
Vietnam
Yeah, who would ever go to Walmart and expect to see folks using food stamps.
I wonder why...
What kind of monster are you?
Transforming Magical Girl Thalia incoming, confirmed for EM.
m8 what about the very common twisting nether and doom?
Watt zei je?
I'm a Caps fan muahaha...ha... oh... :(
Micro center is like this mythical place I have never come across in my life, yet I hear about it constantly
exactly, lets ruin the game balance so we don't lose some 2-3k pub players
I thought you all were from Venus?
Because he likes to form conga lines, duh.
A few years ago one of my favorite stress alleviators was buying a cheap burrito, driving up the Rim of the World at night, and just sitting in my car on the side of the highway, eating that burrito and looking at all the lights below.
Not really, rapiers developed specifically to stab through the joints in plate mail and breastplate armor lasted well into the age of muskets because it took awhile for them to develop barrels that could handle the strain necessary to penetrate thick breastplates.
I would attempt to impart knowledge stating how you're misguided but I don't expect you to recognize my remarkable cerebral process.
They almost got us...
Make sure she subscribes to solitaire premium to get rid of the ads!
f r a u d
You dropped this:
they hate each other tho
Don't forget Jagr
Those packed stadiums that nobody else has packed before (ahem Obama) is IGNORING HIM!
No actually he's wrong it's DurrHurrDurr.
Incredible right, he might be like 60 or something
B-b-b-but society will fall apart if we don't force people to work shit jobs for unsustainable wages
Thank you for contributing to the discussion.
Did he bomb himself in the stomach?
We should move to another planet to heat it up too
keep it loopy man, i know you gonna keep it loopy
Was hoping it could just analyze things on the fly like the audio surf game does, but it requires the music to be local and chosen at the start to process it first... So no droning out to Spotify playlists.
Wait until global warming changes the Gulf Stream and the UK gets real winters ...... then see how well your roads hold up.
But I was losing a fight, so it was self-defense.
But if fatphobia is because of the patriarchy and so is designed to oppress women, those fatphobic heteronormative beauty standards shouldn't apply to men and should only affect the lesbian community, not the gay male community.
Seems like an upstanding citizen in society.
Nice logic and a good job addressing all of my points.
\*Sudan
We candy crush now.
How to show off unusuals 101
This Zoltan guy is pure evil.
ahh you guys are creeps!
Great...let's fuck up some more kids
It's fucking renegades, this c9 circlejerk is killing me
It's not as bad as overheating your brew in the microwave
Took 'em near 30 years to build the Washington monument, damn gubmint can't get nothin done right!
Quite a poor result for driving a car which experts say is the 3rd fastest car around this circuit
Yeah, that's why I haven't moved in 2 hours.
Dazed and Confused
Economists are obviously being paid by the EU.....
What table is that?
Should have bought a xbox one
I did about the same before I got Seph; it's a really unfortunate drop rate.
Be right back, selling my OP 9800 Green Edition for 9k!
Tell that to liquor stores.
Dude thats a skimpy ass bowl
Just look at a map of all the major corporations in the world
Yes, clearly people under 30 are more well adjusted and are logical, forward-thinking, progressive individuals and everyone over 30 is an old, decrepit, backwards-thinking, bible thumping neanderthal.
How many times can one video be re-posted in the same forum?
Or, what if we all BOUGHT gold - that'd show them how valuable we are.
Her tits are a perfect size.
yeah JD with cash on delivery is extremely difficult
Pinky promise!
Does this pretty much confirm yaya's exit then
you forgot
Having lived in Germany for a bit, if I saw German colors followed by SS, my German friends and I'd get a little nervous.
So brave
Hmmmm *looks at Rosemon, Lillithmon, Mervamon, Angewomon* oh yes totally for kids
Don't worry it will be fixed because free market
Does it even have RBG?
OP, I know you're kicking yourself right now for not hiring this lady, I hope you're doing alright under the weight of crushing disappointment.
Break up with your girlfriend.. She's clearly not that important to you.
Don't worry - he'll refund the money
But how will freedom be provided without secondary agendas, bombs, and bullets?
You're forgetting they have MILK OF THE POPPY.
Wtf is the point of the music
Obviously you spelled Sceyence wrong.
I am sure it will be useful for so many people!
Knowing Samsung I'm sure it'll work great!
NBA RIGGED!
Because the proven voter fraud and manipulating of CA polls that have been reported on repeatedly must be in the imagination of a couple Redditers right?
Don'tchya know everyone using the same items, masteries and runes increases the skill ceiling!
say bye to guild system.. they ninja-ed it
Just open them don't crack them open though.
Nope, the tattoo is legacy character specific, as in the character has to have existed in 1.0 and passed a certain point in the 1.0 story.
Wow what a great idea that you made up on your own just now.....
Tankies are literally Fascists
it's working out fine in Britian right now
Yeah, that's how Reddit works...
What the BF1 beta would look like once the influx of cod noob join
You have no personal accountability!
You're right, treating foreigners of x definitely won't create any sort of problem for native x at all.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Probably got offered to snoop dogs and Miley Cyrus.
Well they don't want to be seen as racist so they must discriminate against them all equally of course.
Cause my papi ann is papi, and his papi papi and his papi papi papis fager voted for republican and dats wat im gon do!
Act of war
Yes because smoking weed is the worst thing but cigarettes and scotch are fine
If you're going to be enough of a "grammar nazi" to care about oxford commas, at least use ellipses properly and don't shorten expansion to xpac.
He already said Magic Johnson
You mean, the only wrong answer is Black Padded Coat :)
Winning the hearts and minds of those who do not speak German, French, Italian and Spanish, I see
yeah, can't believe that Ned Stark do incest with his sister
Yeah, those anime dating sims are as complex and deep as motherfucking Ulysses.
Yep Wentworth totally proved she didn't earn her spot!
Don't be a dummy, cum on her tummy.
It's the summer of love
He tried to prevent XYZ and Pendulum, Z-ONE was our lord and savior, but Yusei just had to ruin it all
Because you were talking about your MNK and not your DRG, sry to have missread that.
Cuck
I THINK THEYRE LOVERS.
Very tolerant and forward thinking individuals from the sounds of it.
nature's pocket.
Thank you.
Can you imagine how epic a another Leafs Bruins series would be?
Yes?
As other people in this thread have mentioned, India doesn't necessarily favor tall, they break even point on their happiness in 6 pop, which you should be getting in each city if you are going wide anyway.
I trust the justice department will handle this fairly and impartially
Came here to say this, mmm portobello burgers.
Strap a turbo on it, sell it for 30k and i'll buy it used.
Downloading now:)
As a spy main: good.
They really didn't need that end scene with Blue tracking him down.
What game?
I already have a base model picked out for my custom sexbot.
That is correct.
maybe he did not know?
Bulltron
bigger shorts
yep, thats the gamemode with the grunts and spectres
thanks, I just realised the point about watching games live - although I'm a Clippers fan which doesn't hinder me that much when I watch games IMO as a (equivalent of) high school student
Solar Comets (Orlando Solar Bears and Utica Comets) Canadiens Americans (Allen Americans) Figured affiliate teams could also be fun
Hey, you should start a YouTube channel!
Form over function AND it gives them an excuse to charge $100 more.
APP
Rachel is down with OPP ;)
Goes to bar "finds pokestop at bar" So that's why he said to come here, he plays PoGo to.
I knew everyone would be influenced by pokemon go xd
?
I'm not extremely cultured lol.
Valve's profession is to complicate things.
No, but I saw a 6-8 year old buy a blind bag once
It's fine he's white so it's different
rad!
For my "hacky" way your radio would need a separate mic in where the port is the size of a standard audio jack If you have a cheap baofang you can see this, where the standard size audio plug is the mic in and the smaller one is the audio out Using the 4 pin would probably be unsafe to connect directly to the audio out or mic in on your computer.
Most likely yeah, would be funny if Lucic goes elsewhere leaving edm empty as hell on the LW
Rapist
The pilot left the controls and crawled into the gunner position.
Every time haha
What is tor
Yep, 5' 6".
What happened is my internet cut out and it said error so i though it didn't post but now looking at this i'm laughing my ass off with the mistake i've made
another assassin, that would go over real well with the community
Well he shouldn't have been stealing all the kills!
It's just an interview!
When your player is up to bat, mash right on the d-stick thingy.
No thank you to playing in a cold room, I can imagine being cold just fine.
nice try haxors
you dropped your
You really take self-depreciation and run with it.
10/10 sarcasm
Yea who doesn't love playing arena only with a draft at the start am i right?
Oregon Trail, in case you're serious.
We'll be back in double-dissolution in a month, and voting again by September.
It is tho.
White people tacos.
NASCAR races on Watkins Glen are probably more your thing.
Don't forget Tom Clancy
Yeah because outright banning them and making them rebuy the game is doing wonder for the game currently.
Bless you
I don't plan on upgrading for the next 3-4 years so a 1070 is a good decision right?
I too need to know where to obtain the fabric of Freedom.
Well, the course of only 5 years away
Tf my total score in GL is about the same as you but I'm about +4.the power of avant maybe.
I like to call it a "tactical movement" when my character encounters a tiny rock and has the need to crouch up so he is completely exposed.
*are loike scaring me Get it roish, you facking pleb
I want two strokes back... 250cc and 70hp.
Thank you!
Most states' eviction laws give tenants at least 30 days to vacate a property.
They're the things that keep you from ruining a very expensive mattress with man-ass-sweat.
Fuller will be given every chance to earn the job in camp.
You can also buy medium tall shirts online at some regular stores.
Franklin Richards?
It's not confirmed, but I just assumed that part of the map represents the Der Eisendrache pyramid room.
Yeah, they should spread the talent and release curry at least
If they bothered reading the chat...
It was also apparently the biggest error in the history of polling
Erdogan is still at large.
Yeah that's gonna change since yesterday COD IW had a pricing mistake in Russia\CIS(for $5 and $7 for Legacy version) while India had it for $28 or so, already in top 20 here but should drop soon I guess.
Haha funny comment, what grammar errors did you see?
Town closest with a black one is an hour away
Sorry \*cries *uncontrollably*\*.
Well in that case...
Let's hope the vulkan/dx 12 support can ease the load on the cpu, honestly I love civ but sometimes it becomes a chore late game when you wait up to 5mins for a new turn (exaggerating slightly ) but I will say I love how big the wonders are :)
Ah, that makes sense.
If you still consider Jack to be your son, it is possible for you to divorce your wife and seek joint custody.
Well at least we get Tavares in 2018!
We can just print more money
Cool story, bro.
NOO, /R/NMSTG IS COMPROMISED
We already knew that from Emily
The thing that seems to be trending now is people STAYING in competetive games but doing nothing, just staying in one spot (but moving every 45 seconds) and waiting out the loss.
Trolling.
FKM
West Virginia: Where we give our fire departments the liberty to utilize natural disasters in the service of YOU!
Loser gets blackmailed by benezema
o.O that is weird...
I regret selling my Nintendo Player's Guide collection.
Yes, this, exactly.
IT'S THE NUTSHACK
Have a good one.
I prefer free-range vegetables, thank you very much.
Looks more like he's going to stick a french fry up it's ass...
Its a popular theory that Eleanor was a lesbian, so maybe?
Yes, it's his fault that there are protests, not the cops who executed an innocent black man
I see he's taken the "reddit strategy"
My prediction: ALP majority of 3 seats.
that's like three red cards at once
No, it has to do with the lack of value toward the individual in a communist state.
Plus, they can kill their own Bob if they need to, sometimes with an Abrupt Decay that you can't even counter.
Yesterday I got a 7day ban cause of getting kicked to much........ I got a 1day ban a week before that also for getting kicked to much, Its so stupid :/ Oh and yeh... the 2hr ban was cause my internet died :/
You'll get nothing but figs.
I don't know what Secret Hitler is at all but this needs to happen on the NLSS.
Upvoted for "mobile game when you're pooping"
I know you're trying to use logic but you're using it wrong here.
found the feminazi
Cheapest I've seen it is $179+tax.
Heh, enjoying the Alfredo hun? 
I mean, you can give me the 980 ti
It's a rat race.
Unless you're Channel 7 filming Border Security and you've paid for the privilege
Nice animation cancel on the jump
What article?
This is _offering_ generic advice, can we get a thread where we _ask_ advice?
This will be great for porn.
All across the valley, as well!
The title alone has spoilers if you're not watching this season yet.
I am.
Maar ingaan op zijn alcoholmisbruik, het afsnijden van zijn oor en zijn uiteindelijke zelfmoord, ho maar!
Well, then I ought to move to Canada.
You dropped this:
The first time I heard Brian Dawkins get the defense riled up before a game.
Various Artists
They are an invasive species in North America brought over for food.
Did you just assume my gender?
You win the internet for today.
I love the effect it shows when hitting the ships!
which of these triggers will make my ar-15 fully automatic?
i fuk ur mom kids
I'm sure all those cops want the guns which people use to shoot at them to be easily available.
...or a few really delicious beers.
by being grateful and always seeing how we are better off than our neighbours?
I never liked it early, but the mana and CDR is super nice, why didnt you like it on him at all?
B-b-but he's a racist and misogynist!
Bernie is like Trump, he is suing people left and right.
All you have to do is pay a $200.000.000 fine and YOU TOO can be a legitimate business!
Because all the rest of them were shot by the cops!
The real question is why can't I use my AR-15 to help me capture Pokemon!
Infinite Crisis
No.
The ignorance in this comment is cringeworthy.
Inflation
Depends on the quality of life
How about Alaska and Seattle?
Are we watching Jordan's hometown visit or the Where's Aaron special?
Imagine what we could have gotten for an arm and a leg instead of just a rib!
You're embarrassing yourself but keep going it's funny aha
More or less, I do recall; thus, the reason why he always went about with a hooded cloak.
I fucking love macarons, they look amazing btw
#TIME FOR OUR RENDEZVOUS WITH DESTINY
What a scrub doesn't even have hepta ruby or aquamarine.
So steamy
Just got tired of that guy being an ass
his supporting base in general,whenever something bad happens they usually blame it on the secular system and the parallel structure(FETO)
Her damage ain't anything special.
For looking fancy when AFKing at the house all day and puttin out them big deeps in Hullbreaker HM duh!
We have a podiatrist that goes to Green Valley and I swear to god the average age down there is like 92
But remember, Trump is the problem.
SHITLORD IT'S OBVIOUS THEY PAY WAY MORE BACK INTO LOCAL GOVERNMENTS THROUGH TAXES!
That and it will sound like a jet engine, it will also produce heat equivalent to that of a jet engine.
Ah, yes, because everyone in every other country is so much better that they would NEVER litter!
I remember hearing it from Monte who was quoting results found by Deficio in I think one of the Rox games from a couple of weeks ago
Perhaps a better title would have been: "Set out to image Mars..."
Sea Bears should move out of Union Station and see what support Ms CA Director gets when the space sits empty and generates no income for the city.
of course!
She was only in tennis practice back when she first performed the Overhead Deathstrike.
Jimmy olsen?
yeah, well, you smack your kids on their "fanny's" you sickos
Go burn in Mac hell
What was the Cody Stanley thing?
You want to volunteer for labor?
Trump is a person of color...ok, so that color is orange, but it's still a color!
Yeah, I'm the guy who dies 10 times in 20 minutes and feeds the other team.
Totally r/wtf material
Maybe he is fed up with the boring bastard that runs both accounts, they can be pretty terrible sometimes but hey, at least we dont have to follow that press account anymore
in the second video they did a custom game yasuo vs riven just to reproduce that bug
shadow bonnie is obviously there to give a excuse to Scott's model clipping into the map
sure let me waste my weekend trying to organize over 7,000 images
Also, do they care if you are just friends?
I'm sorry!
Oh goodie, I was hoping the flood of "omg 666 cp Pokemon" posts would have a spinoff series.
This is why I habitually roll my eyes at every bottle cap message.
Implying priest can get to turn three
All white people sound alike.
Not a hard rule, but generally I think you will find value on the 'yes' much more often than the 'no'
but that character development though!
But they're not sick *right now*, so obviously they're healthy!
Red Pill Husbands!
I hope not that could cause some serious complications for its circulatory system.
He might have wanted to convert
Perhaps it accounts for waste?
I have yet to find a single talisman, to have found that many is just insane
Because the picture they posted is *totally animated*.
Khadgar: *sigh*
Because you just *know* that what follows it will contain almost lethal amounts of smug.
adding to what other people said, RSX, integra, prelude, impreza, 240
Whats the big deal, just write "terrorists not welcome" and they will keep out
The career mode
One of the unknown legendary pokemon.
FTFY: Source: Calvin (the anything-but-Catholic, heresiarch and schismatic)
Donald Trump's secret reddit account?
adreN to TSM
oy vey
lol lozers
I'm shocked
They are like the little brother of the dorky kid that tagged along because their mom made the older brother play with him.
Hey, they're protecting our freedom right?
Hey I am insulted by this, hundreds of years have taught US that racism can only exist if the skin color is different.
Failed Abortion Death Metal
Heaven forbid.
Rare and special are my new trigger words
wow this truly seems like some bad game design right here
This is good news
You can transfer from one n3DS to the other just fine, no NNID problems at all.
To make batteries for Tesla, not China, sourced from locally(ish) mined lithium
No GST on residential rentals, that's why I segregated it from the remaining income that attracts GST
Bet you did NAZI Dat coming Har Har har I'm so funny and original gib karma
Yes.
icwhutudidthar
nice, so when are you going to turn it into a cafe racer?
LOL so he must mean that
was it shot after?
Wait there are c6 z06 vipers?
Rumors are facts man
Your skin color must be white
You took a photo of this sub, big whoop.
She is training for her future job.
short and stout
You talking bout NV or last split TSM?
I would do the same mind you, but thats not the way the world works and most of the time the only way to find a thief is with another thief who would rather backstab you and join that thief
Only if your creative thinking is manifested in Crayola hued hair.
Looks like a sims!
Still, what a loser hey?
So some old fart who's got nothing going for him in life, the usual
Wow, that's hot, if you have a penis you totally qualify for what I need in a man!
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or serious...
Blasterjaxx
The only way a revolution is gonna happen here is if the government bans vidya
Guys, it's only overpriced because water is scarce in California
Reuters holds its spot on my top five list of reputable news sites.
you forgot
You misspelled Mexico.
Obviously the man who holds a black belt in BJJ has no clue what he's talking about..
Yeah how insane for me to assume a black name is referring to a black person
He was later seen standing nervously behind Donald Trump.
Exactly... No one even knows it exists lol
I think the health of mobs and progress depends on people taking part, shouldn't effect it too much.
yes, everyone in this thread would work 24 hours a day, never going home to see their family and never going on vacation unless this game was perfect.
But hes not an elite receiver
I think it looks good, don't get discouraged :) My personal suggestion: if it's not already in, absolutely have weather to create some variance, it'd be top if it can also have an impact on the game (for example I player would slide more when doing a tackle in the rain)
Right, because clearly it's the club's fault they died.
Good luck, just went through this myself!
Here's hoping for a Brooklyn Ferry someday to DUMBO and Williamsburg.
Or get grabbed - I guess the solution is to not stand still, and this is totally not unique to Mario?
yes men ibp unban is near))
Those LED bike lights are on point tho.
where is a similar incident with congressi minister
2 are, 125 &amp; 127%
It does come folded up in the cd case just so you know
Aunt Tom
Yeah man simp was out of control immature that whole match I can see why they dont let him play
Actually, Jesus isn't a factor in these scenarios.
i know, i have some
You're the one trying to claim something, so burden of proof is on you.
Grujic to start against Spurs confirmed
Freedom at last.
Well, google have kind of figured it out by separating the Play Services from the system, which lessens the fragmentation problem a great deal.
Easy solution, you just need to learn their language, that should be easy enough
But but but...lazy people living off the government!
Even further proof Lynch is going to start week one!
**ExcUSE YOU, HISTORY CLEARLY MARKED THE PRESENCE OF DRAGONS IN THE MIDDLE AGES, SIR**
What a completely racist thing to say!
Can't wait until the DLC is released!
All these mentally ill refugees
Thanks "Net Neutrality"
Plus it has actual commercial software support
Yeah, that cancer faggot
We really need the government to do something about this!
Apareceu a Margarida!
But I thought Scandinavian paradise Sweden was corruption-free.
Nice reaction time.
you obviously the person with the painting of secret agent poyo
Its not like they have a statue or anything dedicated to it...
I hope deep enough so if a zombie outbreak happens he never gets out...
I don't make misteaks.
SEC SEC SEC
No it was Gary Sanchez as well.
wouldn't life be grand if you had it so good?
Cool band, they sound kind of like Oasis
Never stopped Obama or Cruz!
PATCH LIFE
the booter?
Dude just wants to play golf.
Go home kid.
You don't want Mark Jackson?
How sexist?
H-1 Hueys and Cobras
Someone got outta bed and straight into their bitch pants this morning, yikes!
im reading this and am the captain now
Randolph
Am I not turtle enough for the turtle club?
Well you should check again because there are
Can't put a guy who gets his hair cut at supercuts on this chart
Yes, marketing is an awesome thing.
99% are not, so the same argument can be said for gun owners, 99% are safe but some aren't so let's take all of there rights away
Yeah I thought it was pulled pork and chicken wings...
With blackjack and hookers?
Rest is probably still transcoding, give it a bit.
In case it flips over, duh!
How much did WotC-aHS pay you to write this post?
I think I prefer the racist get in fights with black people type pranks better
My dad works at Nintendo, he said he can give me free Mario games, but I can't share with you.
Can I get your team name, roster, and what days you guys can play?
Unfortunatley this is the page where Mitsuru and the others break the fourth wall look behind you yeah rip
Same here I just drank some bleach goodbye my friend
Riven's third Q bugging out every time it's interrupted by ANYTHING and self-stunning me for .75 seconds :D
But more than enough time to take a picture
I mean, think about all those widowed mothers he selflessly married!
At least he'll stay on the record for 110 years.
Yeah, I hear a lot of 90 year olds are dying from Aspartame.
You've obviously never seen cartoons.
nah m8 Bastion needs more damage
It's closed, and I think he takes that into account.
D A N K
Maybe it doesn't belong in this thread, but I'd love to see a point by point rebuttal from a SDG.
rusty blitzcrank all the way
That's a regional law, they were talking international
Have you tried preordering better games?
A broken clock is right twice a day
As a science undergrad, this is very confidence-inspiring
Warframe Color Palettes: White+Blue Black+Red Prime Colors Le originality
Bullshit, maybe if your video cable was kinked.
Um, unless you think the dog murdered the catfish and all of its relatives, you used subspecies wrong.
I have an OC, but he hasn't been drawn yet because I'm lazy and can't art... I mean, he's invisible, you can't draw what you can't see, right?
Nah, that's what my brother is for!
Serves her right for being so cavalier with what she says on camera!
Now this is a plot twist
What if they never existed
Oh god no the ramen hair is back.
U.A and working on HEROs now.
Wait, there's an article?
I saw a comment earlier that its 7 PM PST, just under 6 hours from now.
Well elaborated.
Check and mate, your move Linus *the real Linus, not that crazy canuck*
$400ish most likely.
Fight toxicity with toxicity
All Asians are the same.
Woolie's on a quest to see how many races he can betray.
Yes, there's nothing more enticing and sexy than being pestered a dozen times a week for something.
how fuckin' old are you, granpa?
And the Great Recession would take care of itself just as fast as it is doing even if the banks weren't bailed out.
Sounds like something the Clintons would pull.
TIL to hold glucophage for HR &lt;60.
Can I has 50 billion to build a sub fleet?
These vaccines might extend our lives, but they cause autism in the process!
By fail, you mean do all the work, but get it taken by his successor?
Have you ever been on Tumblr?
what a great country
G.O.L.F - Gentleman Only, Ladies Forbidden.
I think you forgot the
How incredibly racist of you
It's renewable therefore it's the best option, regardless of the situation.
Tbh you're selfish, Bernie could have used that money for his campaign
Because shorts are supposed to fit the same as you jeans.
You forgot
Nice try, twitch admin...
Yes, it does fall under free speech to say that one should not have this right, but by supporting people that are against free speech (=fascists) you yourself are against free speech.
Yeah that's why iMac hard drives all fail.
Would suck tho if the devs of the Culling just go full greed mode and don't update the game or attempt to bring it to full release.
That's cool and all but can he play wonderwall?
Thank you.
Peasant
No More Capitalizing Every Word In The Sentence Would Be Nice
and with eight times the power requirements?
Massage your prostate too while you're at it
Dawn of the Dead.
Yes, because we need guns in bars.
What's their motivation to rework a corporate culture that's obviously working?
yeah man he was super soft tonight
But they hate the gays!
Have you checked under your bed?
That's not really the consensus among Senators or theorists, nor was it the intent of the framers, if the Federalist Papers are to be believed.
Yeah cos no right wing christian has ever committed a terrorist action
Bonnie's Custard and Ice Cream.
I, for one, am glad they got this dangerous criminal off the streets!
Oh but wrapping with wire is so much more convenient for those hundred times you go through the gate.
43 sacks man what a bust
*30 more seconds
Dude you're such a hater
He knew that socialism could only be achieved if women stopped censoring video games
Or black
Savage.
Forgot your
The extra costs is for optimization so that it's still cinematic upside down
[Gul'Dan dies in the first raid]
In my universe it was always... Chic Chicichicaa
Didn't want him anyway
Yeah, it really shows.
Can I disagree with Muhammed and still be a Muslim?
Hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars worth of fraud going on and Valve does nothing to stop these duping scumbags from abusing steam support.
But i thought that keyboard and mouse is the inferior O.o
Wow.....that's reallllly difficult.
That will teach them.
Um, ok?
Si, puro chamuyo che.
Well seeing as Kirito is a beater he could only be a Booster with all stats maxed out
So what was it , "Do tell it on the mountain goat?"
That's because they all use the same soundstage!
Legalize drugs to stop this sort of violence!
the payload is the healer #gitgud
I don't know about you, but I don't watch Creature videos for gameplay.
I can't wait for the Microsoft markup prices on their hardware.
Yeah, just ask the thriving Ron Paul movement.
Good luck trying to convince them to use that evil zionist technology.
Strom Thurmond!
And they can't even catch that.
Man these daycare abortion clinics are popping up everywhere.
Whoa hey, what's wrong with Trump?
How brave...
here, you dropped your
You must be freezing!
Because I'm a hipster in an alternative indie pop band
Luna the science mare.
No no, he fell off the treadmill!
Avoid carriage trips and knife wielding maids.
119k likes is about the grand total of likes she has gotten on twitter in the last couple of months
Is that earth cable?
Quality post!
It's begun.
How much of a kickback are the mods getting from Tess to remove the damn video.
Yes, but he might start screaming!
Writes Total Biscuit all over the last fov preset.
Flip the board.
Education and lack of religious craziness (hand in hand)
Most humans would notice a seal on their boat
So... What does the fox say?
You can get a similar effect in After Effects by using masks
Saying that this game appeals to masochists implies that this game is hard at all?
Blaming long term policy on Reagan, any idiot Democrats wet dream.
When pacman attempted to kill AB, even though we won I knew we weren't surviving Denver without AB or bell, never mind the other injured starters
Pepsimag !
I love that Penaldo comes before Cristiano.
Few reasons: Noonan is a 4A player, Asuaje (and Noonan) isn't on the 40 man, and Rondon is a SS, where Asuaje is more of a 'can play' SS
This is a legit concern where I work.
That is beautiful
And the Bray shirt is nowhere to be found.
That's fuckin gross
Found the cannibals.
Some might say I was being serious ;)
TIL only one metric determines how liberal someone is.
P
I twirl my moustache.
Every episode of happy tree friends
Totally.
If I got beat by that I would just have to accept that I didnt practice enough
*slowly backs away*
Not in context of events.
mod aboos
I don't mind if they say more along the lines it's their favorite design so far but yea, W/O knowing much of the characters other traits kind of hard to say it's a fave yet.
That makes you much worse.
Sounds like a moment I would have laughed at after realizing h we was okay.
And yet they left in the part from Lyanna Mormont in there where she chastises him for not providing support.
Dang it, we literally left the pier at 7:15
lolol, but some people are just v good at pretend.
You're right but that's not mutually exclusive with what I said.
Feb 2: Groundhog Day
are we not doing phrasing anymore?
Bill Maher was why mistake liberalism a is.
celtic fan here
Paul Manafort is trying to figure out where Trump's phone is at right now.
I don't know for sure but I think he might have been
Tampering!
Do not user either, come to reddit for a "curated by the masses" summary of the important things happening to things I care about.
The gif is accelerated but it took him about 3 days.
But i dont want them ruining my qbs career ...
Their'll be nun pf thaught heir.
Wow, you obviously just photoshopped an already taken picture
You know, if you're only argument is to compare something to AIDS, it's better not to post anything.
But your post is irrelevant to the post...
What?
Balanced Genji.
Definitely getting the Andy treatment.
If anyone needs a nerf, it's Soldier 76 with his aimbot ult...
I think the drama in Season 3 was the best, and I think the story progression was the best in season 2.
don't forget to flair your post :P
I wouldn't be surprised if stealing a candy bar is punishable by hanging in Texas.
Someone there apparently spends 16 hours a day running a company, so it's quite likely
Had a chicken sandwich.
So is everyone else buddy, it's the note 7 coming out
You're thinking of Mr Hands
AIDSbola for sure.
Neither is the Warthog.
you can right click the lodestone thing and use last lodestone u were at...
A screaming comes across the sky and we laugh at Jennifer because sadness is inherent and the ineluctable link between us all is semen and Eichman and Milton reading the bible for the 100th time.
I don't know why, for the life of me I can't figure it out, but the instant rice instructions always tell you to use about twice as much water as you need; instead if you just use half of what they recommend, it usually comes well.
She's not a train wreck, just a shitty person
That guy looks like shit even with good lighting, read the wiki
I'm a tiny producer for fun (no one knows me) mine is Determination.
I hear 240's never ever break...
I've never seen someone gaslight themselves so thoroughly.
No but this doesn't fit the narrative
Holy moly!
Doesn't seem to be working out when it comes to education.
You manscaper
called reddit global
Well they do... They reserve resources for the OS.
can I get a less bias newsource
Used to be 24/7, but this was 12 months ago, I hear it might have changed
You gotta love people who go on reddit to just argue with others and spread the salt.
beacuse in the UK we usually only commemorate events like this on the big occasions: 1 Year, 5 Years, 10 Years, 15, 20, 25 ... America have gotten to the point that now 15 years after 9/11, the day is used as a occasion for sales,which is frankly disgusting.
dat unknown source
I think we upset him.
I had Splatoon on day 1 and it only had turf war to play, but it has single player too so that makes up fir the delay on ranked
Here, you forgot this:
while Trump just swept the floor.
Yeah but the only thing is they don't get paid based on what you think.
If you won't respect what I believe in, then don't expect me to take you seriously.
*gasp* Clearly!
But why?
Sooorry
FUCK KEVIN DURANt!
Natalie seems way too hung up on Victor's help, or lack thereof, around the kitchen.
Gabriel Kidd literally defines white meat babyface
You mean KHJ Boss Radio DJ Charlie Tuna.
You can make an unranked 1v1 in customs.
Don't forget openly wanting the death of all white cops.
Hey, *I* am the only user worth of the awesome cek flair!
FunTime FazBunker
You forgot the
I don't have a facebook account, but I'm apparently tagged in enough pics that you could find me anyway.
she's BLONDE god fucking dammit someone GIVE THIS WOMAN A JOB STAT
Youtube mirror anyone?
Yeah that's not really where I expected that to go.
Vermont is voting for legalization this year.
Only thing I want more is bindings for each champ specifically
He's amazing, I'm picking up a new girl from my breeder in a week or so I'm going to ask if she has any curly coat genes scampering about, the look is absolutely charming.
How is this a defendable position Are you joking?
Then it'd just be white trash...
Their semifinal vs H2k (fucking Huni Lee top) and the final vs UOL were quite the clown fiestas.
DAE le bacon like a real man xDDDDD
Cave Johnson approves of this comment.
He's called Montage.
These Fantastic Four remakes keep getting worse.
ResidentSleeper W S RIGHT CLICK ResidentSleeper
Lol, you have much to learn young one.
I can't wait until you pay for me to go to college!
If the hood fits...
Nah there are pros with over 60% winrate so it works perfectly fine
WWI, Napoleonic Wars, French and Indian War...I mean the French were hardly even involved in these things...
Isn't every Samoan the Rock's cousin?
When they said no to Trump!
Certainly made for more peace in the world.
Even after copious amounts of news proving otherwise.
People associated with mining don't like her as she is anti-mining.
That's not very nice
Sorry.
we aren't as bad as Nazis, something to take pride in i guess
why the hell is Kasich on the article picture?
Laxatives and/or Imodium.
Mmmm, ham!....Fuck you.
Verified :)
If you remix the remix, is it just back to normal?
How dare he mansplain to her.....
Excuse me, food fight is the best movie ever, with a perfect AAA budget and all star cast with air tight writing.
Football hooligans have gone too far this time.
Source on this?
And now superdelegates are just fine.
Well that's one place I'll never shop.
FUTBOL.
i find it funny how in the last map of that BO3, VP got 16-0'd
That's not a separate species, it's just a hamster with a pituitary disorder.
The fourth sister comes back.
Throw in a couple of weedles, an eevee, and a shadow of a pokemon you don't have but will never find because it's in the the middle of God forsaken, snake infested woods.
Mirror... What have you done?
Having lived in Germany for a bit, if I saw German colors followed by SS, I'd get a little nervous.
I like.
'12 months' is pretty much 'cocks taste good' in Estonian.
Overclockers in the UK.
The math actually supports the former, not the latter.
Well they saw romantic comedies, so stalking a girl until she falls for you must work like a charm, right?
Did you hold square?
Uh, I believe so.
What
YEAH HOW DARE WE BRING UP THE SOVEREIGNTY OF OUR NATIONAL SECURITY WELP PACK IT UP BOYS ITS OVER
That was a hundred year ago...
to be fair, lots of the new WoW stuff looks great and can easily go toe to toe with most MMOs today, there's just the problem that you have the spit-shined 2004 zones for a signifigant chunk of the game.
dont let him see you from that window
What do you mean.
Didn't stop any of you guys from doing it here.
nope, m4a1s
Yes, teams on a virtual game are exactly like black people having to go to schools for "colored people."
My sister isn't still interested therefore they are irrelevant.
til the government isn't in their team's control
TIL I suck at how to Reddit.
I remember 2002 ;).
If Balrog isn't a giant fire demon, I will be disappointed
HIV vaccines work wonders!
You sounds like a true financial analyst
You just gotta bring color into the issue...
Yeah because no Filipino has ever illegally used a power to their advantage to the detriment of society before
Not like we can just un-privatize the 407...
FFlogs link?
I didn't say any of those things, you are trying to put words in my mouth.
Based Frp, but I would never exactly vote from them in a race
Oh Siem :(
It all makes sense now... thank you
I think Brady shut the constantinople bridges himself
#YOU PEOPLE CLEARLY NEVER CONDEMN THIS SHIT!
Now I have to spend all day computing Pi!
But he's been big since highschool!
Why would you use React when you can use Dojo?
Please baby no more parties in HM
Rounding up to the next whole percent, I see.
I feel like more people need to understand that analysis of a piece of writing *is* enjoyable and its ability to stand up to thoughtful analysis is what *makes* a story "good."
My American friends are loving this.
Oh, high school...
The game 7, 2013 in Toronto was my favorite one to watch
Lol, what's your store number?
Right there with you, let's both not drink today!
Absolutely the right decision.
I can see many situations where i would accept either literal or metaphorical free shit...
You're The Good Things has several good ones.
Because that would be copying the Old World.
the power ammy stereotype is 100% fake
Do you have any evidence that God doesn't go to other planets?
That's because half of the city was laid off.
Bro we don't have time for this stuff we need to debate the meaning of "istawa"
Reginald D Hunter?
I'm missing something here.
Both handguns and rifles hold bullets, ban them all
You're right, the part of the American justice system that manages copy right is also the same people who deploy the army and handle foreign policy
How can people know if they like it if they haven't tried it?
Yeah, but not "ultra high-end" to me, that's nothing short of dual 1080, etc.
Wheel of Fortune was adapted for an incredible amount of countries.
Integrating 3d scanning devices, such as Xbox Kinect, into online shopping carts to ensure the correct size for clothes purchased online.
Jeff "cant move my arms" Goldblum, damn thats a tight jacket
forgot the
No it is the King of the Storm
Yikes really?
No, the ~~390X~~ 1060 is way better
Yeha man dat Tahiti and Cypress have been absolute shit and were terrible overclockers.
Yeah is it worth picking up on PC if I already have the android version?
Nah, god put them there to test our faith.
Where are all the guns?
Lmao
But my personality is so great that I should be able to date exclusively 9s and 10s!
no way
will you put dessigner adlibs on lowlife?
I'll be your huckleberry...
Live in a community with an association.
I denarr' about that... *gets coat and leaves*
Not enough DIABETIC BROWNIES.
I'm not sure it has enough Canadian flags, either.
Best advice a tv show ever gave me.
I thought this was jokes for two seconds.
oh lol, now I understand what you mean but still, 1/200 is REALLY fucking low plus, I'm pretty sure that trooms actually spawn more than 1/20, its just that an average player only finds 1/20 when rushing or clearing quickly...
Missing
TIL that the police should never investigate someone under the influence of any substance.
Yes, there are no depictions of churches in Renaissance art
Have sex with the hard drive and make it a soft drive
*Showgirls* is basically an NC-17 version of *All About Eve* and the hate it gets is ridiculous.
Or... the comic (as unfunny as it is) is using extremes to make a point?
the same reason everyone was just so terribly upset that Ant-Man and Wasp weren't in the first Avengers
Or, what happens when a Pirate pays the Dutch to make him a fake US Flag
Revealing the real person behind the account, usually with the intention of causing real world harassment and intimidation
I mean with all this stuff, I doubt there will be many megas.
How can one not be in love with Fack, which is objectively the greatest song ever written.
they do
Yeah, just look at all those obese Holocaust survivors
And Erdogan
My favorites are Disappeared and Solved
It works fine if you use only keyboard
But but... He was on Howard Stern voting for the war and that's even worse than if he were a sitting senator doing the same... Because reasons...
Since you've been using it awhile, what's your feedback on how the EMR feels/handles/durability?
nah dude, it's the same way girls wear making and sexy clothes to attract men bc they're asking for the attention!
I don't know about you, but I don't tend to have a picture for most of my contacts in my phone already
Hi Rez is gonna make a trump skin and have Riot pay for it
Explains why it was so wildly successful
Love the Gokus, but my favorite is the Pikachu photobomb.
You do understand that you put the weight back on after cutting?
Can you give me a title or time frame of of that video?
I thought roasting is what you do to your tri tip.
Het zo vervelend zijn als je op het toilet zat en er vervolgens erachter komt dat je het bonnetje bent vergeten :')
Its not that we didn't consider it, but now we actually have proof of what we knew all along.
Ay Dios mios amen
With the way you say that, you sound like Six Million Pies
I vehemently disagree.
No, it was climate scientists looking for that sweet sweet grant money.
Have you tried LinkedIn?
Cause shut up.
Same name too you guys must really be dedicated this time.
Criminalize hetero marriages
Well, that took me entirely too long to notice...
Wow, CTR really has been playing the long con with some of their fake accounts -- creating a pro-Trump account, posting as a Trump supporter, then suddenly "changing his mind" a couple months before the election!
This doesn't seem sketchy at all.....
I bet no one saw this coming
Yeah but when does her kai ni get the ability to carry daihatsu
Automating the fueling process will be easy (stationary eveniroment, long decision times, possible Internet access, documented geometry/operation) compared to driverless cars the only reason it's not done now is because why bother when you a human driver.
custer to penske
I think it has to do with the chinese letters
I think they're fuckin sick, the put on a great show
Up all night playing overwatch?
Yeah people should be subsistence farmers rather than shitty work conditions.
Yes, won't somebody think of the poor terrorists?
You're right UKStonerGuy, every woman must be asking for it.
So much effort but forgot to put a purple shirt on Drake.
Jeez, rub it in much?
0% if you keep dying all the time
But travellers aren't a different colour than us so therefore discrimination isn't real
Long story short obama founded it
Idk, did Babe Ruth ever make it to the World Series?
*Really*?
But that is inhumane!
perhaps you cant read AR10.3 and anything above CS 4.5 is too much for your aim
No, they're bitter, like Bret Hart.
how about graviton surge into rain of terror
Double rainbow!
We all know he didn't come into his prime until he was with the Jets...
Also it was way better the first time, when it was called Heathers.
Neverrrrrrrrrr
nu-uh, he might have gun.
so he lost 1k?
Well they do let you beat your wife so...
Perhaps they are drawing in the air with chemtrails
Isn't it fun to judge one of the biggest groups of people based on the actions of a tiny number of them?
But you can't be racist towards white people!
Cop here we got him
It's because they don't actually want to do a PR statement.
Great and Iam sitting here at home an can still hear the "This year we do nothing special for Gamescom" - thanks CIG.
Deserved
Which'll officially bring about the end of journalistic integrity
The Shawshank Redemption is pretty good but you've probably never heard of it.
He does, in later games, have a pre evolution, should we not be able to catch Snorlax?
Racist ^
This guy's never fucked a blender before, what a weirdo.
I didn't know I wanted this until now
Riven, hands down.
The people who were tasked for it in Ride To Hell: Retribution nailed their job...
Oh yeah, we're really avoiding "mess" by that policy.
TIL he has 8 one and dones (Peyton Manning territory) but he did have a solid run to the finals with the Spurs in 2013
That's not what Earl would do!
Wow these Christian terrorists need to be stopped!
Yeah, that will totally run on his computer.
Oregon would just put a bird on it.
But i miss the autotoned fart!
I don't think you'll really care about Mingo's performance anymore...
Sounds like both of you are in terrible shape then
Way louder than swords, heartbeats or footsteps!
Yeah, but Seth was an Indy darling so it's ok!
He's saying Americans should regulate less beats that $100 inhaler/prescription is way too cheap.
What kind of 40 year old man gets shitfaced and comes home to emotionally batter and beat a 23 year old girl?
Typical cis.
There is no crime in Japan, didn't you get the memo?
Gay man shouldn't have been punished because the victim was asleep so no harm done
should've had NY Ama
0/10 the devs are French Canadian, would be speaking French, not English.
Spoken like a true kindhearted, compassionate loser!
Trump only finds the best people, the smartest people, terrific people, and those terrific people come up with the best solutions possible.
*Natural* disaster.
Man that was a reach.
U sure u are GE?
Thats the spirit
Which video game is this?
Voice chat
Mine sweeper
At the end of that video he says, "I've got to get me one of these."
The retards on Reddit would rather just stick it to the the tiny number of rich people and have the entire western economy crash.
Hey, you dropped this :
It's basically for when you're nearing black out but want to keep the good times rolling!
Haha I didn't even notice that.
Screenshot from xbox 360
Pretty disappointed they went with a white male Han Solo, typical Hollywood!
Tell that to PUG Sents....
says the guy who doesnt like playing Vanilla
Judeo-Bolshevism
Yet another great move by our amazing government
My most favorite of conspiracy theories.
r/natureismetal
Lineup protection doesn't exist.
Which banner?
Did you ever think that maybe you shouldn't have friendzoned such a *nice guy*?
Three injures in 10 year... Yes, let's call that a pattern
Because being an asshole to the police will surely get them on your side.
because it's better
Sweet, Metric!
I like this idea, perhaps overflow only is transferred to you if you are running a deficit?
Ma religion m'interdit d'utiliser le
that's why you need to take the red pill bro.
Omg le clever 14 year old brags to his mum about teh secks xDD
Don't buy this gpu, wait until 1080 is released
Said every tech ever...
No, it's a man phenomenon, stop to give to women what belongs to men !
I just want to know she's comfortable!
get a car, hippie!
Also how about we have a black people bathroom and then a white people bathroom too?
Yes, after all Episode without Dorne = bad episode
Nah, they're dirty.
Impressive reasoning, I fully agree
He accidentally leaked his Skype which as we all know should be punished by death Because Twitch couldn't secure a guillotine they just banned him from streaming instead
If it came from land then maybe not all the NIKE sites have been decommissioned in the region.
But I heard he killed a innocent spider in his cell a few months back......that must make him a murderer
Yes, anger isn't genetic, it is inherited.
I dunno if you can tell but your rational and perspectived thinking isn't welcome here
Too bad the poor CEO had to leave with such a pittance.
Unless you went to Newington, those are the school colours after all.
Yes, but we're America, we can't do bad things.
very creative
That's a lot of ugly people in that photo
I hope that guy gives us the same wicked demo of how it works!
No man, Pitbull was doing this all from the goodness of his heart.
Her phone number started with 666
You didn't like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5?
but he only got investigated because he moved to barca
shocks bumped down to uncommon?
See Philadelphia, the suburbs will be padding Uber's coffers; that's why the taxes collected should go back to the state and not district schools.
How dare you promote traditional binary gender roles you SHITLORD!
720p streched 8 times larger, must look great!
Well, manbearpig is half man, half bear, and half pig, so I don't know what you're talking about when you say "can't do simple math"
No you're wrong dude he's a greedy capitalist pig.
They tried to pass a law this last session, but as usually the lobbiest won out over what people wanted
But they spent so much *tiiime* on it
Whatever solves your problems then, its not my life
Lol
hilarious
Spring-Bonnie has gerns confirmed
Now I'm getting TSCC books in my recommended tab, fuck.
And the guy still played at the NHL level with one fucking eye...
At worst she was grossly negligent ...ah such a great quality for a potential world leader to possess
Well Hobbs needs to get more tax revenue for his welfare dome.
It's okay, because it has a very feminine penis
Tbf they do not contribute to skill like skins do.
I'm offended that you think the flying spaghetti monster is an "imaginary monster"
Clearly clay was cheating
If I say yes, is the DoD going to show up at my door?
Indecent exposure
but riot is a small new indie company and league is in beta though, give them time
Yeah, I wish my clan would request those more often, I have just so many.
It's ok, the nips are small little buggers
Gotta have fucking Cisco telling him things he already knows
Will of the people.
Needs a trilby, a trench coat, and a sense of superiority.
Wow, what a high skill play.
quality r/gaming material here
Immobile ADC+no ambulance=mediocre turtle who would have thought
I've always heard it was because they ran the quarter mile faster than a thoroughbred.
Yes we can't
That's ignorant.
nah he's crazy
What a waste of perfectly good flour...
He also met with HBO... Roberts Rebellion spinoff series confirmed?
Nobody Believes that shit
B-b-b-but we're evil racist white shitlords who eat babies for lunch!
aaaaand, what does this have to do with the real state market?
...And hope it doesn't come on the same engine as the last 8000000000000000000 Bethesda games?
They have an old man too, holy fuck Nintendo.
What a weird world we live in where the content of an argument is more important than the source.
Yeah cause that happens on a relevant and funny way
Of course the event is late, WORST GAME EVER.
Nah obviously he's Dirk cause they're both European.
Yeah someone who donates millions to charities, sends personal Christmas gifts to her fans, spends a huge amount of time visiting fans that are hospitalized, she sure is terrible.
yes?
Haha get it, coz macs have no games
Obviously this was caused by Islam.
The US would never do that.
Nailed it.
This is why we need open borders.
Does he know he broke an FAR by not taking reasonable precautions to avoid injury and damage to persons or property?
but don't you get reincarnated into a superior human being?
IRON Horde is a form of Horde.
Nobody knows because NASA guards the border to maintain their conspiracy to sell model globes.
He say Gogoing not wickd ;)
Only under EU regulations
Are assault rifles designed to take out many people quickly?
fuq/fuqboi/fuqboiself Not using these means you're a fuqphobe and you need to check your privilege, shitlord.
It's not a bug, it's a building.
This was before he was on gear.
But they are oppressed so it isn't racist.
Wow, how nice of him offering to wear a condom
Wow, he really put the "offensive" in "Global Offensive".
Kobalt 400... Jimmie driving the Kobalt car.. ITS RIGGED!
I forgot to add the
Who?
No offense, but I don't think it's appropriate to play "what if" when this poor girl is really in such a horrible situation.
Apparently we die younger so... yeah.
Sorry, forgot the
\#MakeHingesGreatAgain
Ye well, But imagine if Tarik would run around in a pink suit and a pink shield at the next Lan... I mean, a typo, but for sure could be a fun one!
Whoa, when did we send humans to orbit the sun
Judging by the totally true stories on TITP there are way more obese anorexics than thin ones.
inb4 def ignore resist
Good thing it's the employers that pay for it.
But we do like ties in EU
That's what periods are for
you forget that we are apparently doomed because we haven't gotten a streak going in that time
I'll trade him for nothing if you promise to stop talking to Forte
Cold one is more popular than the hot one at my store
We reiterate again, we are not interested in F1 at the moment
That's actually a pretty neat idea, hit a stick against the ground 3 times and it breaks or something
Why Dooku?
That's actually really sad...
Smartest guys in the room- fascinating documentary about the rise and fall of Enron
Except it does... as many well known economists agree on.
He was the first kid i've seen in a while soloing tbh
Actually this is classic projection: Blame the other side for what you're actually doing.
I played the season for like 15 hours before getting full set.
American pie (I think it was the second one)
same thing happened to me got the cereal revolver and a submachine gun that shot explosive rounds
My alcohol tolerance isn't what it used to be.
according to a newspaper article, she hit one in the elbow, and another got two in the back
Tragedy + Time = Comedy
Must be a Stalinist then!
and brook will still definitely take it
I have ADHD's hyperfocus ability.
Furny*
But lapped cars have already completed the race since they have crossed the finish line after race winner
I wonder what dank memes they use on that forum.
what a *dredd*'ed fate you seem to have suffered ;-)
You're British?
Correct.
Not even slightly surprised by this, Hightower has been praising Bernie a lot lately.
You just say that because you want him in jail and therefore miss the derby next season.
Lane advantages - if you take top before they push into bot lane, your top laner has a *huge* pressure advantage, while your bot lane has a slight income lead.
Hulu was fucking up for me all day yesterday on my ATV 4 as well as my ATV 3.
Jurgen Kloppaeris
FFS, someone get this guy a spigot!
Sanders - 9 Delegates Clinton - 7 Delegates
Or enjoys drinking toxins.
I wonder if some of this goes back to some of Russell's weird obsession with Mason symbols.
We just pipette by mouth.
They were never really mediocre, but they got an F as a class.
No worries :)
Java has `final` which is very similar.
:( Oh man, I just realize if I die at 50 I am past my halfway mark.
Just because she's leading on the score board doesn't make her appeal inherently.
Good thing Lockheed didn't make that, it would have been $200k and they'd have to lay off 200 people.
I wonder what will happen when the oil dries out or earth move onto new source of energy
Hey, he didn't say it was a *bad* thing.
And the transformation is complete.
Why did you say Burma?
yikes
That is A-fucking-mazing
Even if it sucks?
Too bad league is dead and soon big bad Standard will claim your items muahahahaha
Yup, totally familiar with that process :)
Then you're probably an illegal.
Finn, Rey, Ben, Maz... Someone was rather...frugal when it came to names.
Yes, we all know that both his subs are filled with positivity from white knights and not shitposters who whine aboout him every day
um mich mal einer beliebten "argumentation" der mimimimi fraktion zu bedienen: das sind doch AFDler, die das machen, um mitleid zu schinden
Them or the Redskins.
Yes haha very good BB is a monster
Ellis' Mario is so dumb.
Whoa plot for days!
r/outoftheloop
I can just imagine the horror that is full ad mordekaiser(if he ever gets a ghost) with a Jhin ghost though...
oh haha, yeah i remembered about that tweet
It's a browser plugin/extension.
Explains why all his maps are shit
It seems to be a mix of GW2, FFXIV, and Archeage players, from what I've seen.
The more ram the more FPS it will make man - Alienware
Ah-lah-lah or Heya-Howa-heya-howa "spearchucker or spiceslinger" "Casino or Convenience" "Snowy or Sandy"
SJW became a perjorative term against people who speak out on social issues, specifically those who go to extremes (i.e., from misogyny to misandry).
Anything really with LUA typically means the poster is trying to learn Lua.
So many line breaks
I call BULLSHIT on the beam...
they don't get rings until the start of the next season
I can only hope the husband's decision to stay with his mother for a month while his child had chicken pox will help his wife in court with regards to court and custody.
Just copying my old comment, but I'd like to do something in process engineering since I've got an educational background in that.
red herring
Because he watches from far away like an eagle
I'd say he'd be very limited if he did play
It's just one Best of 3 match, starts in 4 hours (3:30 EST)
Oh, this will set yet another a great precedent for American businesses and their efforts to compete globally.
Stay warm, friend.
Ok then I need to report another bug xD, even though I have a level 23 character I can get to koltyr.
Your mum is too large and cannot be displayed on this device
IT is always underfunded and unvalued.
This took me back to the days of having dial-up
It's also a high school event, I've seen highly unathletic kids get all 6 of their throws in the window without fouling or falling.
Just get one on Amazon
But but but we invented the Internet and sex and rock music literally all you had before 1999 was black and white tvs and Bruce Springsteen has always been a 60 year old and I bet you don't even know what pot smells like
summoners war...
Correction: Only applies to **some** premium tanks including all pref MM tanks And the T34 isn't flat out worse compared to a tank with only 320 alpha and about 200 pen.
Should have just reported him, that's clearly what the button is for
If Satan drew that, I wonder if that's their true form
They leave charge on to prevent the sprint double melee combat that halo 4 had.
Lol, here in Italy I pay $5,66 a gallon...
Races there they both finish and have no car problems
You make it sound like they **must** confirm any and all of the President's nominees - in which case, why would the Senate be involved at all?
Quick before they summon the murderbot
Oh, yes, the person ignoring your explicit statements of disinterest, using a site to find out your location (and telling you about it), and downright insulting you is CLEARLY the superior conversationalist here.
Yeah its more of a faded blend of things rather than complete overwrite of what you would normally see.
Jeremy Langford - 148 touches, 0 fumbles = 0% way better than Forte's .6%!
Hey, no need to get personal
I think it had more to do with the fact that A LOT of the female Korean college students loved us American guys.
Ik kan niks over Teeven en het Anne Frankplantsoen vinden, enkel wat over Demmink.
People who say "autism-ridden" make me sick.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU!
I don't know...
Catelyn Tully
If you're going to waste your time, don't make me waste my time.
FNaF 3 guard is Freddy confirmed.
Because the government would think we were terrorists and would send in the drones
Yep, I have a ton of very partisan Republican friends who I discuss politics with, and they have remarked with awe that it seems Berniebots hate Hillary more than they do.
you too wild you too wild
Regular cab long bed... cool!
Dwight always finishes.
Haha I think the guy said "I am the fan of Sidney Crosby" if it's the EA chat I'm thinking of.
*NOT A CAAAAARR*
The most ubiquitous undergarments I see these days.
So you support white self-genocide!
Hello!
ya you must have had your mom's cock in yer mouth...guggle gurgle gurle
Settlers of Catan.
Of all the points this article makes one very important a one that is forgotten is that "Jews" rhymes with "Cruz".
Because they're darker subhumans, duh.
But Mondays are the worst days, so taking them off would make things better!
Wtf?
He dodged a Mundo cleaver at 0:25
It's the year of the Linux desktop!
11/11/2019
of course it makes DC a bad person, DC doesnt like this sub's lord and savior Jon Jones, so everything he does needs to be criticized and scrutinized because he doesnt bow down to the king
Yeah, I wonder why he would lie about such a thing
It's not exactly Sanders' version of socialism, because at least the Nordic countries are smart enough to not have minimum wages, not have as many state-sponsored unions, and don't have massive tariffs and barriers to free trade.
If a defending player is out of bounds like Wall is, is he allowed to make contact with the player with the ball?
Dont forget the good ship "Meat Fucker"
Waiters is horrible and he thinks he's the second coming of MJ.
Well, you might be wright.
Maybe slightly at the start and end of day, but overall it's nugt day not dust Prepare the lube
Probably, especially as the mainland European nations don't have any intelligence agencies, oh no, too dirty a business for them...
No don't you understand, anyone who has progressed more than you is literally a fucking loser
What 3 positions are filled?
Unbelievably good shit
All the animated gifs of rotating guitars and sprites gone.
Just like always
Good thing they require the gps location to be on.
Yeah, it was pretty much limited to political movements during WWI and revolutions and the Great Patriotic War (the USSR part in WWII).
[No, Skadge and Rusk are coming back in the same alert, but you get to choose which of them survives the encounter as they are both enemies.]
Yeah, why is no one talking about the sexism of periods?
YOR THUH ONEEE THATTTTT I WANTED TO FIIIIIIIIIIIiiiND
Carapacians probably aren't genderless on account of the presence of sexual dimorphism (most obvious on the queens and their "assets"), and PM's original occupational title was "Parcel Mistress", which seems to imply at least a degree of femininity.
I'll give you all three of you can promise I'll never see any of them again.
Yeah, let's take everything people can't afford and remove it.
But Dat awesome .2 drop chance
Improvement is when we win, no other time
I do this same thing but with really high end sedans and the Uber Logo on them.
Awesome!
Fucking hell that's amazing
can't tell if jesse cox or...
Just like your parents always "forgot you" eh?
Trade tuukka.
Brakel, Germany!
Digibro
Yeah he should have just flown into some trees and killed himself
Yes let's brainstorm about reasons why the person fantasizing about killing people shouldn't seek help
T,T proof that Armageddon probably won't happen.
My predicted quarters are Djokovic d. Tsonga Nishikori d. Kyrgios Nadal d. Federer Murray d. Berdych Then in the semis Djokovic d. Nishikori Nadal d. Murray And in the final Nadal defeats Djokovic.
But we should burn them anyway just in case!
You haven't lived in Mormon country son.
Because hur dur, everyone knows Southrons are fucking inbred racist, sexist, homophobic, islamophobic, right-wing dipshits.
PR=power ranger correct?
Needs a snorkle too
But he probably doesn't have what it takes to become champion so why keep him?
The negro was better off as a slave.
Sure do
I kind of wish I could put their heads on spikes now.
How does it feel to be a low information family.
Yeah I hate it so much when the crowd is involved.
I would *literally* kill anyone of you for the skull squadron set... no offense of course.
I suggest going 10% over asking.
Just like nazi-germany was!
Keep drinking, you'll get there!
Well, you know, they're not doing their research....
way better than it used to be.
Clearly holding these beliefs don't have any kind of effect on your relationship with patients...
Yup, the new meta of minisentries, crit-a-cola and quick-fix heavies is so much more fun.
well at least i can uber my car!
jesus christ man, out of all the guys there, yours is the most annoying lel gz on that
You are an insult to pickles everywhere.
everyone being naked roleplaying as characters
Thornton.
I think he dropped the
gfycat master race.
It's only been 3 months since the very first 2X crypto keys weekend so enough with the free stuff now!
*looks out the window of the liquor store he works in on the south side of town and sees the signs of 3 check cashing places* I wish I were joking.
Fully clothed, lights off, missionary only, only for the purposes of procreation.
^ What he said
Wpgjets92
I like calling them "warning shots"
OMG, what a total surprise!
Or a bottle...
That MR6 Variant is really cool indeed, Very lucky
No there aren't!
That dude seems so stoked
oh, then i wonder why hecz would drop OpTic nation
Maybe that's one big button.
yup, its just not possible that there's any other reason
Your first mistake was ordering mushrooms on your pizza.
Huh, I wonder if genetics could be playing a part
This is Literally the beginning of the book of Job.
I've watched this shit twice and each time forgotten it was a fucking star wars reference.
unfortunately the two towers were built in such a way that the internal supports all shifted and thus provided no support during the collapse so this wouldn't work on normal buildings.
We know democracy, we have the best democracy USA!USA!USA!
But then no one would ever buy Phantom Dancer!
Fuuuuuck no.
Because frank millers all star batman is the most true to character version of batman I've ever seen
The ingredients.
Yeah, I'm sure the court appointments the Heritage foundation will pick will surely get money off politics.
I mean it's not like Jagr had an islander hanging of his stick during OT, Islanders too disciplined for that
What was the name of the other one?
But can steel tongues lick dank memes?
Yeah when I watched Guardians of the Galaxy I just kept thinking how much it looked and felt like Winter Soldier.
Yes, and the billions earned as profit totally go towards the people.
:v =
But Kasha didn't say "welcome" right so she HAD to go
Yeh you'll have to shell out for it, certainly more than a micro USB cable.
congratulations!
Well it's leagues ahead
Yeah check helk and Garry's profile; if you look at their hours it's obvious they don't play
almost every game has a "unique &amp; special review" like this
Nottingham says hello :-)
No dude, the stupid black voters in the south (conservative states that don't matter) don't know whats best for them
Be a man do flip and rip
me too thanks
Or occasionally just throw it to the other team
I clearly should've checked my privilege, but I'm not white so I'm not that horrible.
didn't think I needed the
I dunno, I'm going from SD to SS, and it's probably the lack of a second screen and those two extra buttons, but SS feels just a few bits less friendly in its interface.
What's Isco's stats for your team?
After watching it 10x, that never even crossed my mind I wonder if that was intentional...
I think the point is that all they have go do now is hold majorities and elect a president.
That vegan lifestyle really kept her in optimum health.
tame impala is so good
Before you keep raging at low salaries don't forget $2500 rebook money......
I'm glad this sub decides to start clicking vote buttons when you ask a legitimate question.
:) This guy fucks
The dog is saying chest pains.
You should go play Kerbal Space Program if you want some Kessler Syndrome asap.
Its a sad reality, but i would be very surprised if football was still a mainstream sport 50 years from now.
BS rape stats
They should delete my icon with 2015 and give me new one then cause it's 2016.
Our ex-assistant coaches have done so well as head coaches
People seeking treatment for mental health are known to make rational decisions... right?
The only thing I want "so badly" is that they don't put fucking **artificial** barriers for people who want to build upon their work.
I just...don't even know where to begin.
This prediction keeps getting made and yet still hasn't come true, there's just too much hubris in the climate change religion.
m4a4 ain't more accurate :/
5S here, and I am extremely happy with how things are going compared to when my 4S was a 2 year old phone.
Must be the 5 on 5
We're all fucked up, some just hide it better
Mann, I could just get lost in that melody.
But a collar's still a collar whether it be blue or white, it's still around your neck.
Fuck you mother fucker
PV2 in for 5 years?
Constant propulsion of some sorts, yeah.
Go slow or go home!
MG1 with 210ms, it's my teammates I tell you!
Has Miller been confirmed as the starter?
Did I read that correctly, 3rd is the lowest a driver has finished in the WDC of the winning WCC team?
But eating cake is so much more fun than a tumor
Better signal strength compared to them being in the seat or something.
Last minute plot twist: Dorsett gave the Sedins the flu while playing with them, both are last minute scratches!
Newsflash: woman like it when a man actually respects others and is a considerate human being.
Thanks Obama
When you're friend zoned but still match.
People wouldn't join his campaign if they'd didn't know he had the money in the bank to use if necessary.
Not if you understand anything about construction.
I've been saying this for years
Yeah rookie of the year, multiple gold gloves, multiple mvp, and 17 all star appearances were because he played himself as a manager
Can we please just get back to how Jada Pinkett Smith and Spike Lee are being entitled SJWs?
We are animals and you are human forgive us master for being backwards sand gorillas
Lol come on boys, no, a Rubik's cube was actually just solved by a crustacean before your very eyes
I think the real issue is politicians are so poor they are having to sell their votes, maybe we should try giving them way more money so they will stop taking bribes.
Yo, can I have one of those?
Yeah, clearly everyone should use 3200DPI with a tiny mousepad
Sssokay, they had their eyes closed the last time they passed through there.
Crazy thought, but maybe he learned from his mistake.
I guess I should have added an
Bet you didn't notice the Thanos change either, you racist little shit.
he obviously hung out at preschools and hospitals and got sick on purpose
They just wanted to show him in the gators uniform so that they could promote the sec.
Yeah because obviously they haven't worked hard to get where they are
The deadline day news we were all hoping for!
which one will be more expensive in the long run, because its just that Ive made a few purchases recently so i dont want to spend so much for a month or two
No fuck you it was me
I know of two in my lifetime seem to come to fruition: Government spying on us and planet X (more recent, still waiting on a visual confirmation).
Clinton appears with former congresswoman Gabby Giffords in New Hampshire, where she trails Bernie Sanders, to paint herself as true opponent of NRA Hope that works out for her.
Cause of all the money the pope pours into elections.
I am currently experiencing this as well
arigatou gozaimasu goshujin sama
Every body applauds when a man knows everything but when a woman does this people lose their mind and say she's a bitch
thank you, distance did seem to be a problem
He's still on the team?
Someone's bitter because his mediocre kid with 8 points in 50 games isn't getting interviews.
What dodge?
No being a skeptic is all about joining hate bandwagons for woo woo and religion
Don't do this, don't let more innocents fall for the trap!
No, it's violence in videogames, obviously...
Non US/UK/EU pedos unite!
But I thought if you just threw money at the problem it would go away!
Not only is it news, but it's apparently very exciting news!
... who's Trapis?
Great - now we've created another terrorist.
Should probably trade Rask while he still has value, maybe we could package in Kevan too, he seems to be a hot commodity.
So NPR is becoming like RT but switched?
Nah the veto function would just disable Garden of Terror, basically
Lilly Matah Rowgen Maxwell Ulkina Zergel Azael Zellha
Kill me pls I thought I was 7'0" but I'm only a 6'3" manlet
De 'ouderen' over ons kennen ook de bruine kroeg nog, die nu helemaal uit het straatbeeld verdwenen is
Just make me a moderator because i have no life and spend most of my life here
It kinda was.
The console one is better because with the lack of a background, you can focus more on the high resolution 720p textures on the trees.
Tracy Hughes-Wolf
Cant wait to get a Sacred stones remake and have seth and vanessa S-support so i can break the game even more
Well it's reddit, one or a few always represent the whole community to the dramatic vocal ones.
He uses seal blood as wax...
Haha well maybe if you got off of them every once in a while and gave them a break, you'd be able to run.
Yeah well the guy above you ran it in Gran Turismo at 1:15 so he's fully qualified to criticize you doing it in real life with a car you'd never driven before.
Joking about Suicide is so cool and funny hahahaha
No, wait until $700
intel master race
You are so wrong right now it's not even funny.
Wow this is the first dumb thing I've heard this guy say.
Why not a Splatoon?
OMG He's so rANDOm :3
I mean society practically forced him to murder her
A release from Fisher stated "We just couldn't compete in the committee, opposition was tough this past year"
Yes, because we need another reason for Trips to open RAW with 20 minute promos.
Those hippies need haircuts!
downvoted for non-visibility
Come on now we all know all Valve had to do was change: #define PRECACHE_LIMIT 1024 to #define PRECACHE_LIMIT 4096
Oh yes I'm sure you're the only one.
Yeah because atleast 35% of democratics nationally wouldn't vote for him right?
No, only lazy unemployed millennials looking for handouts.
Replied to the wrong comment
No drug refs jagex
Great counter argument, you got him
As a hardcore AC/DC fan this is truly depressing.
so first the "master race" and now the "KKK(K)" cause three were not enough?
Rich Piana's got that tricep hang
I hear there is a Michigan coach that can deny us.
Yeah I know... But I deserve it because i shouldn't have to wait because I'm overly privileged!
Rodgers*
Obviously assassinated by Elvis (an Illuminati agent) because he found out the world was flat and we faked the Moon Landings with Jewish mind control techniques
They've already taken two giant steaming shits all over Fallout lore with Fallout 3 and Fallout 4, they might as well go all in.
And other totally logical parameters.
Was the free market not responsible for a cheap alternative becoming available almost immediately?
Minus the 'h' in the title.
They should make dragon timer 15 seconds shorter to make up for the game starting 15 seconds shorter
bad?
Naw man, it's all propaganda
Lets get Keanu reeves with his amazing British accent to do it!
I'm in the Army - so I'm accustomed to knee jerk reactions on the extreme scale... We should just shut down twitter.
I'm sure your opinion of this person is not bias at all.
Everyone in the FFL is Catholic, so you go to heaven.
Alright sure, message me in half a year and i will invite you.
It's because its Luke in there
Right, they don't even use the Plus C for color
Yeah, that's called agnosticism.
Fat people just need to stop eating so much, like poor people just need to find better paying jobs.
Make sure to neg the target a few times as well.
This guy fights.
But burying your face in your phone at a red light is totally harmless!
I totally see cops pushing gays off of rooftops everyday and people in the street totally just stand there and cheer.
Well, clearly we are all descended from Adam, who was technically the first theist.
Because if you don't sprint around the map you're an idiot scrub
I guess I have a lot to learn about trading.
They've empowered you to be an active JobSeeker!
I can watch 2G1C (shortened to not trigger PTSD for those who watched) without a blink of an eye but screen tearing... that's some nasty shit.
No, *my* beliefs are the null hypothesis!
That would require you to have friends to trade
feels tho
They only know elevator.
:'(
But you're suing him in his professional capacity for negligence, which has nothing to do with what he says on his TV show.
More so just leveraging our economic relationship and their trade deficit with us.
Not really, I'm leery going into a firefight below 15 bullets if I can avoid it.
Regigigas should get anything, even something useless, if it means getting rid of Slow Start
If you like reading fantasy it's worth it.
I haven't noticed!
He did commercials for Comcast.
You presume he has already been found guilty - cops are law *enforcement* not judge, jury, and executioner.
ooo a whole 25%, that's rough mate
Unfortunately they're related to me, so unless they move far far away they're not going anywhere
I guess there's no one right answer, but I certainly think the vast majority of people would rank Texas, Ohio State, USC, and Alabama ahead of Georgia
Double penetration
Fucking national treasure/Dan brown story plot line right there.
It's disrespectful to force students to take tests.
He says he's paying off current debts, it sounds like the current situation is temporary.
That's not how you spell Uruguay
Typically you'd want to use a flight stick in those games, no?
I KNEW IT!
I'll keep an eye out, I always redeem for Amazon and then lately Paypal
Thanks Sonny Bono and Mickey Mouse!
It's because the government is trying to sterilize you and your mind so you become their day slave so you can go home to your day slave big TV and watch other funny day slaves
Well when they take 5 months to add a single hospital and an ATV (which is straight from Planetside) then yeah, its a little rediculous.
Did you have to RMA it yet?
No man, it's a reporter who beats on the leafs in all their articles
Yes, your example also shows that the word "voluntary" is pretty useless.
nope, just kanthal 26g
Does she also say stuff like "I feel that you only do about 30% of the cleaning" and then deny your rebuff that "..but I only make 30% of the mess?"
Meh, I care more about animals than people tbh.
And all y'all will get me one hundred gnatzi scalps taken from the heads of one hundred dead gnatzis
And that's why this is a shitpost worth downvoting.
It's worked so good in the past...what could possibly go wrong?
We have a Watt -Bill O'Brien
British flags :P
Counted in, not disabled.
Times New Roman.
So it tastes like smoke like I said, so it really doesn't matter what you use to light it on fire because it will still taste like smoke.
It's a continuation of the last video
She looks very loud when Drunk.
Mad lucky genius
Look, once you have a number with that squiggly sign after it you can just make up whatever shit you want and people that believe it will defend it to the death even though they've never seen any evidence that the number is meaningful or taken in context.
Yea obviously he can afford it, I just think it's kinda funny imagining the man who co-founded apple to be using a Windows desktop.
Toucherception
The problem with socialism is when you run out of other people's money.
Whoa dude I wonder why
You mean like basically every other watch face?
Might as well make the age of consent 21 too since you're getting rid of the fun shit.
I mean I just googled "Videogames and IQ" and the first few news articles were super pro video games and had some convincing shtuff
Oh my dogg Dune sucked.
70% of his body is behind the rail, I think hes fine.
\#Matthews4Manitoba
Lol I guess that makes 2 of us, I honestly never thought too much about it but I can see how people could misunderstand what I'm implying when I say couple
TIL Black Ops 3 will have the same FoV upper limit as Rocket League
size
What makes you say that?
Ah, yeah I get the pin's and needles' tingling, then swelling and itching.. my fingers turn into fat little sausages..
It also has one foot out the door.
Dat RNG:(
Must be teenage mutant ninja turtles
Hahaha literally?
Don't forget the mod flair
How old are you?
I don't know, forgot to ask what your mom's name was.
Probably more since there is just an excessive amount of dick sucking rather than a excessive amount of dicks
Found the nazi
oink
Kane looks like a hospital janitor
That's not how bans work.
Id pay to watch that on DirecTV
You can trigger the location pretty much anywhere, but I think the spacecraft lands in the same place.
Too bad the game doesn't actually have nearly as many bugs as people are making it out to be lol.
'It's just how it works.'
#ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
I can usually figure out a shower in 24 seconds so the meme checks out.
How dare you bring facts to a political argument?
Shit...
Bit of a stretch aside from it's name
W
How do they know there is 75% of shit left to discover if it aint discovered yet.
No, no there hasn't.
Delusion does not equate to legitimacy.
You really should just email the person who disapproved them, going around them is kind of disrespectful and puts more work load on a great employee.
Taking your words at face value, yes it is
With Stan as the owner, the question is do the Colorado Rapids have a soul to begin with?
Yeah, they don't equal it--they *cause* it.
Or lease the apartment and be paid twice.
Pete Davidson, Werner Herzog, Mark Wahlberg
&lt;3
Who
ooooooh
When Half-Life 3 comes out so Valve time finally stops growing
Lie to me I'm still mad
Everyone knows diversity only counts if you're referring to black actors/writers/directors.
Order a 2nd and they'll give you a card for the Betty Ford clinic.
Silly snek was just trying to scare you
I'm just a retro game cartridge snob lol
Wow, I totally didn't see that coming!
It was intended as humor, I forgot the
Ooh, does that mean that the tattoo needs to be in mirror-image, so that when she looks in the mirror she can read it properly?
all of my keks
Not racist but number one with racists.
It's not much point arguing with you, but know that I love a majority of Sanders supporters yet identify a minority of them as Bernie Bros
this would also be possible without the fabric
It's so.. appropriate..
secret papper ballot, electronic voting and counting is a cancer on democracy
I was thinking that we pick Goff if we need a replacement for Gabbert very soon, but if we have 2-3 years we pick Wentz and develop him into a very good QB.
Open relationship.
Dude, the fact that you dont see how being able to level 2 things at the same time as selling power is telling a lot on how you've been brain-washed to accept this shit.
Well, I mean, it already has a movie and the original creative team would be the ones directly involved.
What's your point?
Saving porn links
But seriously this isn't a joking matter.
The movie ending was better.
Pretty sure they bought out a fighting game company to make them work on their next game.
Carson can't.
It's not considered the media establishment now; it always has been the media establishment... It's in the heart of New York City.
Sure.........^^^^jackass
Those groups are white so they have no culture to appropriate shitlord.
Gift card valid for admission only.
The Legend of Zelda: The One That Will Never Release
honestly at this point.. what difference does it make?
Except they usually ended their sets with New York I Love You.
I suppose it's fundamentally the same trick as breaking the bottom block of a gravel stack and immediately placing down a torch to remove the rest of the stack?
You disgust me.
Why not both
M'lord
You're officially that guy.
Just for Brown and O'Shea I do, might not have been the greatest Utd players but they were always decent, gave their all and never let us down.
its not about the DZ level, its about the PVE level if you are level 8 and he is lvl 7 or below you cant play together there makes sure you are halfway on par gearwise
American Gun Nut Detected
girlfriend
Mind if I step inside and verify?
solid title
Left.
Other than rose and the crystal gems, which is why only one areal learned it at first
Ugliest panties/underwear I've ever seen :(
It seems they did, and I'm okay with this.
Rick?
Ya I really really want one bit right now I'm saving for a ps4 for persona 5.
Why did you have to call them faggots?
he has a particular set of skills...
Bro not even first team bro what a scrub
Skrillex Bangarang every fucking day.
Didnt know that good on referee.
Rogues get to Shadowstep C'Thun, thats enough!
The car doesn't burn coal though, it uses electricity which is green
It wasn't Ezra who was trying to get into the event it was Sheila Gunn Reid.
They didn't pay jizya individually, the prinicpality paid tribute as a whole.
Should be noted, the '63 split window will forever be the best Corvette ever made.
Which is funny because just at Lawrence it's the East side of the Allen that has Lawrence Heights and to the West there'd a relatively upscale Italian neighbourhood
How... Uhm... Efficient?
Nah, he sees one in the mirror every day.
The humble brag is strong with this one
Nice idea, going to try this with the next hooker I pick up!
Something that was never really there in the first place.
congrats on your internet points.
Looks like a Hot Wheel or one of those RC lowriders.
Yeah, he wanted to get some pussy, it scratched him so he through it into the fire
I'm leaning towards the Celestion Alnico Blue at the moment, because it sounds awesome given the price.
Clean the fan at least...
String just kicked Michael out of the office!
When do I install Google Ultron?
People get confused by the fact that anglophones mispronounce it with a soft 'c', and think it should be followed by an 'e'.
Hope he got a five game misconduct
Good enough, since it's the only point where he moves in the entire game anyways
You need this explained like your 5?
Revenue is revenue man.
in order to fix that exploit nerf he drop rate and lower pxc drop rate.
good point
Shhhh stop making me feel old
No, no, IEDs are Muslim.
People who aren't famous are trash
I know this is supposed to be about the goofball that passed you so recklessly, but damn, that looks so similar to Tennessee (where I live) that it's kind of twisting my mind around a bit.
Most manly man?
Yep!
Skaarf can jungle fairly well.
Can't wait to see the pendulum swing on over to right wing nationalism
[I wouldn't like to be one of the five Ward-Literally-Hydra devoured.]
Hate speech in the US
There are "first world problems" and these "third world problems"...
Don't worry, there's nothing you can do.
But...I was basically the one who turned this pairing into an actual thing in the first place, and I do deserve a little more respect for that.
Donald Trump is a sexist because he treats women equally they should get special rights because theyre delicate innocent women duh
Yes, because she made such good decisions when she was in Congress.
talon mains get shit in all lane phase then goes ham on bot lane :^^)
Lol Connecticut FTW
it's haram dude, you'll lost your MIB values once you fooled someone on that very day
Temple with either fly-by-wire, or no weapons and all cloaking devices and shitloads of bots
I know, who wears a tool shirt.
Except Catholic priests aren't foundational to the ideology in the same way Mohammad is to Islam.
I guess you could say your farm got shut down since you didn't have a good *crop* ^^rememberonly^you^can^prevent^bad^cropping
Haha same problem
That's one of the flaws of the OT.
I have thought about it.
Or breathing.
Looks like it.
Oops, sorry, I completely misread your question last night.
Don't want to be over picky, but this is not grammar, it's vocabulary.
BUT SUPERDELEGATS
Op's post of next month: Randy loved my gift and took it the wrong way, Sister and Husband are furious
This gets the photographer in prison.
'under 7 minutes is for causals, real pros do it in under 2!'
Why not use both?
Yeah, goddamn Arsenal fans, making every thread about Arsenal.
But I think his point is why even risk playing it while you're winning?
I'm sure he knows that, he's complaining about a degree of DBG passiveness, not fact of hackers existence in PS2.
Wow, such an unusual move for a politician.
Those bicyclists need to learn ATGATT.
yeah, and the civil war wasn't about slavery, it was about "states' rights."
Because a single party, authoritarian dictatorship controlling the means of production is totally true socialism
agreed it also makes the instance pretty shit
I really wish they'd made new seasons of Stand Alone Complex instead of redesigning the characters and retreading some of the same ground in the Arise...should I call those movies?
Freedom to own ~~other people~~ states rights.
no idea :)
I don't think that many people bought the game
But they'll give me a $400 dollar knife, right?
At that point for me tali was dead and legion was my best friend I cried so hard when he sacrificed himself to save his people
How much is that stack worth?
I personally believe Good Mythical Morning is still doing pretty good
It's after you turn on the power I believe
Neck and mid pickup together and it gets very close to a standard P bass.
I find the concept of paid services for a game you also pay subscription for pretty unreasonable.
pretty sure he forgot a
Upvoted for thinking exactly what I was thinking, more or less along the lines of 'That says something a bit creepy about international tourism'...
They wish they were back, that's when the females and the blacks knew their place.
No, you don't understand, this is proof of Zainichi Koreans invading Japan!
Robot Jones?
I was disappointed too
R&amp;D. You can see this type of machine in most University cleanrooms, where many devices do not need ultra small dimensions.
I'm 27 with 32 partners- 12 women, 20 men, or somewhere thereabouts.
Beanie Babies
Wow dude... its
Yeah I'm sure this will happen, just like people kicked me from groups for not having Blackwyrm gems or not having Valentine gem on all my characters.
Because Fox doesn't want the Republicans to face a tough general election candidate like Bernie!
It is still virtually uninhabitable
There's a way to do this without anything fancy, just open the kick menu through the menu memorize the order of names, leave and come back and one name will be changed and that is the hacker
Yeah, side by side racing sucks
theories are just theories
With a vengeance!
No one has better hair than The Donald
I can respect that
Whoever has the biggest boobs.
no
It's obviously because Americans are supposed to play Japanese games, not the other way around, amirite?
Yeah, clearly they started at the end and recorded till the beginning!
you forgot the
More and more games seem to list an i7 as their requirement because consoles have got 8 cores as well, and that's obviously the same, right?
Dana looks like that dude in Workaholics and Pitch Perfect
France obviously does not have enough of the poor downtrodden migrants from war torn shitholes who just want a better life
These statistics are obviously racist.
Yeah, I hear people tend to listen to you and respect your ideas when you "torment" them.
DONT TOUCH MY CROCODILE
You think you want free stuff but you don't.
Everybody does it, people just want to hate on the Warriors
It's kinda related, but recently I dismantled everything in my vault apart from my exotics, afterwards I quickly realised I need to dismantle weapons for the gun Smith quest lines on my titan
Every team does this, why are you victimizing GS over it?
how else are cops going to protect the streets from people sleeping in cars?
Yeah, should've started booing when he got up and jogged off.
If you can't hit the phones and you're interested in still helping, Facebanking is a quick option!
Pff, no situational awareness, git gud
But then how will we protect our country from the coming terrorist invasion?
But Snotleigh wants to play with them!
FOR YOU
Perv!
There's a reason RPers advise against telling people about RP, and they steal something from another old movie for phrasing.
All he does is tap in anyways
Sweet, I get like 2 years of use out of the expensive as fuck Wii U!
I know man it's been long since Illaoi has been released
Letter from Hogwarts.
Yes, that's right, now bow down to your noble king.
She was at the Bernie rally to meet some guys and they convinced her to go on a mission.
Only white americans are racist doncha know
Then government office would be great for you!
He still used *THE SKIN*, he shall be shunned anyways!
You're right, it's not like Israel is one of the largest R&amp;D hubs in the world.
Well, if they both have the Visa logo on them, you can use them the same!
So were you fun before or after you turned gay?
Who ever said this was a solo game mode?
But what about the Jordanian billionaire?
De Gea/Check/Courtois is way better because they have more clean sheets!
You'd like that, wouldn't you you white cis scum
hes only 20 man dont be so hard on him, hes got a lot to learn lol
How drunk are you?
Everyone has one, and yours is wrong.
64drive or everdrive 64 are better alternative if, as the runner said, the game lags less on a real n64.
He raised his hands, it was clean!
Yeah, that kind of attitude really led to us having a healthy locker room for the last decade.
But.. i thought the team was better without him?
BTW,
You're my least favorite type of person
Intangibles.
I think there was supposed to be an
Don't you know that everyone lives in the US?
I'm like 80% sure it's a 30rock reference.
Right...because adding a child to the mix has traditionally been the thing that always "saves" a relationship...
I really like the idea but I think it comes with an overhead of additional work to make the games really fit together
Just wait til he reaches level 20.
Is that made by Norse Projects?
It's the future, obviously they're underwater thanks to rising sea levels.
WUT?
I don't know, simple questions like that aren't hard for me to answer but I'm not trying to justify aggression.
It's cool guys, he feeds the chinese buy buying Apple products, it's cool.
oh .... uhh ....... that changes things ...
its because of the stones shirt... duh...
Yes, its.. 1) Shitty Dubstep song #1 2) Shitty Dubstep song #2 3) The Black Keys - Howlin' For You 4) Shitty Dubstep song #3 5) Darude - Sandstorm 6) Shitty Dubstep song #4 7) Shitty Dubstep song #5 8) Metallica - Master of Puppets (only on occasion)
20% Tithing!
That scrub Hopkins better step up his game next season.
hold my beer...
Pharmacist here, I just say fuck a lot, and get connected pretty quick
The fact that you don't appreciate the depth of this picture really emphasises your artistic ignorance OP
System32
This whole thread is what's wrong with unions
Back from the ~~dead~~ other game
well these winning drives include the regular season
I'm ok so long as they don't add DLC.
Maybe some further pension cuts would fix this?
I'm sure this would have been scheduled if Sanders wasn't leading in both states.
I believe that GOT stands for Game of Twinks
Looks like its time for Garoppolo-Manning I
Sure you can respond, you have a middle finger don't you?
Should've added the
Yes, more of a power vacuum in Syria would help the situation so much just like it helped in Iraq!
well, to be fair, obviously, Bernie supporters will be too busy marching in blizzards to remember to simply go to a caucus location
And if MLK had that concealed carry permit, maybe he could've shot his killer.
You become a battering ram which is needed to break through a door for an EE step of Der Eisendrache.
That scene was crazy good
I mostly meant like his mannerisms
Uhh u forgot
Some buds, stamps, and dude is gonna throw me like .5 of shard...gonna be a good time
What is this from?
Please do so!
This is all Harper's fault!
This is bullshit - you're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point where you're adding nothing to the discussion
Ah, but what if they're equal on a large disc instead?
everyone has bad games come on
Yeah dude he's literally Satan.
Maybe the reason I'm running low on them myself haha!
Oh wow, I never noticed that Miracles plays Terminus!
How dare you not speak American!
Wow, you evil satan money whore, hold it!
People shouldn't be locked up without a fair trial, this I believe, but I find it hard to act neutral towards someone accused of something like this since it's typically true.
Based on her other replies he was AWESOME.
Not in Australian Aldi :(, hopefully in time though!
This is *totally* the droid you were looking for
Great now Bernie is in the pocket of PC Master Race, soon we'll be seeing legislation for government funded game design grants and manditory 60fps on all games
I think grifts should also drop bounty cache materials too
You forgot to put
Ben was so bad the receivers started throwing tds to themselves
yeah, not identifying a ring right limits my ability to screencap a video and give an opinion
But but didn't someone say he was going to pop that purity bubble Bernie has going?
But London is the only place that matters!
Hey, some guy broke a rule, everybody gets to kick his ass now.
wtf is going on here?
What trouble did Clayster stir up?
much like how you said ... he ment
New England he has worked on our farm team for too long.
yeah, people should listen to more real music, like immortal technique, metallica, twenty one pilots, and knife party
But isn't that basically what Lax was
Right, that's why super models are all manly buff women.
Yeah, Amazon doesn't know what they're doing.
They never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity...
Yes they add to the hype
Anubis and Neith God of burst damage and complete hard to play
As demonstrated by every other Halo game.
What an asshole!
Pretty sure an ice bong is the coolest way to smoke bro
We need McGovney up in there.
Saying a comment poking fun at feminists and you're a dick, but joking about rape is fine!
I also prefer stale cigarette smoke and body odor.
Obviously these Latinos are owned by the big banks.
Only need 51 votes
or Merle!
Yeah because it was online
But I thought pitbulls were too vicious for kids
And if you divide that, that's roughly 2000 Soldiers for each Fort Defender.
It was an implied
Aphrodite's Kiss
What about Carson or kasich?
I keep telling myself it's just dumb kids but maybe I'm the one that's dumb, when they're literal angels.
But Valve needs to suck Perfect World's dick or they might lose their asian revenue
Maybe Sheldon Keefe can!
what are you guys talking about these refs have been amazing
people actually do
Goodell is a pervert and the whole scandal was just his way of getting to know Brady personally
But hey, at least we weren't in debt, right
On it
Wow what a surprise.
Don't diss Sbarro!
WHY
I'm sure things will clear right up once Hydro One is privatized!
Jesus Christ, Marie.
Well, this is obviously applicable to rape cases because adult women are as immature as 5-years.
THIS IS THE PREDICTION THREAD, NOT THE HOPES AND DREAMS THREAD!
Yes you're right and I might have the rarity wrong but I pulled a holo e tele
Just in time!
Deagle
But, but with the xbox version gifts a free car in forza 6, that is the best deal ever
Bozosort?
Clearly you nead to angle your amour more
yea, thats punishment enough :) &lt;3
'oh but aren't u on a computer right now???'
Its not the damage that does it you 2k pleb
Get rid of Luma
Can't though if your not Japanese
No way it's all in how they're trained duh
Yep, it was until 2 weeks left in last year that we got the worst tactic by the WWE of 2014, claiming their ringside stairs weigh 2 tons.
Less than 90 percent What more do you need?
Because local time is always used everywhere in international affairs.
White people can't be terrorists cause terrorism = the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims + brown people
So, not in a USB drive?
Afterwards, he asked for a receipt for a tax deduction.
Hell we should just rebrand bitcoin as Coinbase...
He forgot this:
You get out of here with your logic and leave me to my pouty anger.
Because new payers need them to hit galaxies, the largest vehicle in the game!
Sir are you being serious or did you drop the
He gone.
Ditto.
But everyone knows Greedo shot first!
Oh sorry, I didn't know that in your country people don't know what paragraphs are ^
Must be true if some guy in the internet claims so, OP
oh.... this is the first time im seeing this
So this is why nothing ever happens...
But women who have sex with a lot of men are sluts!
I went to Japanese prison to pick up these rare gems before it was cool.
You have to shoot your teammates at twice in spawn for the ban to kick in, so you can kill one teammate with a 1-shot-kill weapon only once in spawn.
And he also made plays which won them teamfights against Origen?
stop being sexist
or is it the best.
That policy probably doesn't account for reluctantly cooperating with cops that are willing to break the law.
Just because there isn't a men's health site, doesn't mean that they don't care about men.
Just reached him Fuck my life
Y... you're a honey nut scooter.
Yay doublespeak.
#AKIMBO NAGANT REVOLVERS UNLOCKED
Stempniak will go and JJ if ok will also go
Let me guess you've voted Republican all these years and you're confused why you're not getting ahead...
Thanks, I was in a hurry so I didn't have time to really look for it lol
I see you watched the first episode.
If you don't think this is staged I have a bridge and it's for sale.
dont even give them that idea
I was going to say that is the perfect cap for the weekend.
You might also try remaking the game profile
It normally doesn't go hand in hand with growing population and improvements in literacy, infant mortality, and life expectancy as the palestenians have seen.
Didn't they say they want to bring some of the darkscape changes to RS3 PVP.
Leo on a lonely night "Man, I sure wish I still had that warp spell I gave to Corn so he could conveniently warp to the other side of the continent and ... oh wait ... that doesn't happen in this path ..." Hinoka's in for a surprise tonight
What a shame
Holy fuck: the Spy Kids both look fucking great now!
I love that the film was minute by minute and Fassbender kept my attention every second of it.
really hoping to cap off this week with news that the Giants got zack greinke
Lol reverse racism is a myth.
That one Major Cunt.
What about stummy?
Where's your glock?
I mean, he played like 10 games in a high level LAN!
No USF's were too, paticularly before the CalliOP nerf
wait no 144hz support
Probably a live rework from the maestro
I've never had that problem across my monitors, but I guess it depends on different things.
What's equally as telling is that there has been no notable deficit reduction whatsoever in the Tories time in charge (since the recession ended) - but they keep harping on about it as if they'll ever actually hit that surplus.
You can find it listed under imaretardthatcantlistentomyteammateswithoutgoingemotionalandmentallyillwithoutknowingthatsnotgoingtohappencuzmyteammatesarenicepeople in the options.
Maybe he got a golden Bolf.
and Clinton is praised for the same thing, that he 'made' a great economy, when he really lucked into it
did you forget to drop
Fair enough, it is a damn catchy tune
Long snapper posts So hot right now
Sounds like someones trying to Raineri on our Vardy Pun Party.
Actually I think he has to say a little more because i have no idea what he's talking about...
That's exactly what I thought was going to happen
You've been watching too much Jackass 3D.
I know, weird right?
nutmegging someone is more valuable than scoring a goal in pick-up games.
Justin ji forgot to
oh please, twist until it makes sanders position the right one, The saint Sanders is always right.
Can you read?
This is a partial reason I started sitting in my next class during break.
Soon no more shredder, minibots, mad scientists (':
Our hat.
You just described why our relations with Iran are so shitty.
There is no misunderstanding on where Clinton stands in relation to Wall Street regulation.
Loki is fine though, I understand it's popular to circlejerk and shitpost about how good he is, but he really isn't.
Sexism is the new racism.
I'm a single guy in his mid 20's here... I don't think i'm near the median...
Sure, then he should have been fired, not removed from all of his jobs by court order.
I'd rather get a medley from Tensei with sweet guitars to be honest.
I just want religionists to stop being religionists.
Michael Richards as Cosmo Kramer as Steven Snell on Murphy Brown on Seinfeld
Add more lard.
its not the AMC is a good or bad solo laner, its the enemy jungler isnt making your regret picking him by ganking you every minute and a half.
Masterbate into a chimichanga
im gonna need some examples, because i don't think ive heard a song and thought oh man that's so undertale
Nickel
No but I did stay at a holiday in express last night but really, it's common law
How dare you have an opinion you pleb.
Got it, that makes sense.
But common core teaches against the bible so it has to be bad.
I hope this year is the last we hear of this shit, most people don't care enough to even give banter the Essendon fans, let alone follow the news on it
Take Ragland plz
We repost pictures of comments we didn't make, of quotes we didn't write, to impress people on the internet we don't even know.
Everyone stronger than me clearly bots/macros.
I haven't heard about any random muslims getting attacked in the street, where did this take place?
Volume way too low for an intermediate lifter.
space is really big is a very dumb objection, since "time is really long".
Better get rid of em then.
I have never once heard someone call them that.
!remindme 2 days
But where did you get the strep throat from, miss party girl?
You know, we really ought to have a vote requiring citizen approval for any new bridges.
You know you're a savvy consumer when you turn to one Facebook post for advice on a multi-thousand dollar purchasing decision.
Well first don't shit where you eat Never try anything with co-workers...unprofessional, can get fired, awkwardness, etc Not worth it
Yeah absolutely
Yes, all Japanese people hate white people.
Neither is Miranda, for that matter.
I petition to get Adventure Puppet's face back
This works in twitch chat Kappa
No but.. maybe the directors cut should ;)
Which is the main book book day dreaming?
Ten thousand years will give you such a crick in the neck
One assumes from your comment that you always score perfectly in your video games, and never ever make mistakes in *the simpler environment* of real life.
... Remember the Dagobah Ass Infection?
Oogloog pool ftw
I have a backpack with a padded compartment for my laptop.
I don't know man, a guy beat a dude who had a monster with infinite atk and def, while his only had 2000.
It is the code of the keyboard warrior to be ever vigilant in their fight against having friends.
Jack my cat off.
Didn't you know that having processional refs, or more cameras in the end zone, is too expensive for a multi-billion league?
I imagine they spend their days drawing vertical supply curves and looking at rents.
fusilleren die idioot
actually I think it's inertia that caused his demise.
He was a troll account obviously smh.
Who drinks their coffee slowly enough for it to get cold?
Law of averages says he will, because he's getting his chances.
Clearly it would be too weak for Limited at rare
I think we should give infils rocket launchers too to give them more AV utility
brb looking like a pussy belting up for my potato press
Charizard for sure
Simple solution, just go to tampa every time you wanna burn one, just to be cautious
THIS IT THE WAY THE DEVELOPERS INTENDED IT TO BE!
It was a superbowl baby
Then they can't be from China
Oops and now it's gone, he must of read your comment.
Just watched Mad Max.
And the points are *really* important in the show.
It's not that it's hard to input, it's that using the tool effectively, spacing well, and avoiding trading with the 2nd best peach is hard.
no, ETC ETC is a producer
Although people can disagree on particular details it seems obvious at this point that not everything we are told is the truth.
Brilliant!
NO GUYS SERVER STABLE AS HELL LAWL WTF U TALKIN ABOUT BRING BACK DEATH MECHANICS plz
Obviously vitriolic hate for things one doesn't understand is a mental illness, maybe they should seek help from an accredited STEM university
She regularly attacked semimegabeasts?
I am deaf and I do use reddit way too much
Wanting le legal weed makes you super progressive.
Sounds like she has her priorities right...
INXS
Perks of working at a Merc dealer.
Or a football match in Germany for that matter..
Good ol' Vikings
1 million new people in 25 years in a city of 2.5 million is huge.
8350 is plenty.
Done.
The Re-Re-Master Chief Collection.
Yeah you're probably right the whole world will be owned by SJWs soon totally not overreacting at all
ya because he really is passionate about zombies
But google doesn't make me set up an account!
By groin shots, it's a fight
BUT THE HUMAN EYE CAN ONLY SEE 30 FPS
The conservative Facebook pages are already saying it's da gubment's fault.
One ship has been stopped, the world is finally safe!
Well... you miss 100% shots you don't take...
Complexity of LoL scares me go learn zerg, then youll laugh at LoL
Fuck, that had to hurt!
Huh?
Kim sweet heart what u gonna do when Aquaman comes for you ?
I'd pay big money to see Jerry don a raman noodle wig and play NeNe.
I never knew what the cats were for.
You need to do at least one ee to see the symbols.
I can tech irl thanks to smash
WHAT A GUY
These guys should just play the lottery instead of worrying about the bounty
Prepare for trouble
Your bot is broken.
I mean, I didn't say it was a bad idea.
Tomato, tomahto.
The one on the right turns me on...
If Waffle House goes out of business then the situation is beyond FEMA's ability to help
Mind...blown
How cute you taught your animal to commit acts of vandalism!
Good thing everyone has a huge backyard to grow them in.
You aren't very friendly
3spooky5me.
I hate all of you
Haven't seen this repost in a while.
Ultimately from Latin *promptus*, using a direct loan word from Spanish, meaning prompt.
Anytime Darth Vader is around in the Tie Advanced = Public Enemy - Welcome to the Terrordome
Literally right next door to a country that used Sarin gas artillery on civilian protesters and bombed a doctors without borders hospital.
Now go politely to a cliff and fall :)
Everyone knows we don't discuss anything pass season 10...this video is a sham.
Yeah they should just replace everything with dev textures
It's just sad and worrying how you americans can only think of this in terms of money, and not in the atrocities YOUR country is bringing and allowing in the world in order to keep the money flowing and the big pockets full.
What is the difference between those two, btw?
Cuba didn't sell out when we were down
Because that totally defines him as a person, and you totally know him IRL, right?
Because he's entitled to it
In regards to the partial (and knowing majority of players at least prior to this offseason, unsure if still same): We didn't want him anyways.
Have you ever had a really big cat and been scared that he was going to eat you?
No obviously the refs are helping the Warriors only
Please don't kill Kevin Love, a lot of banana republic customers will be very sad.
I often have vids like this on while mixing
I'm really surprised Warner brothers took the risk with such a c list hero, really paid off.
the flyers are bad.
unexpected
Turbo 10.
If that happens... I don't even think there'd be enough cheese for 2k to even program for the Warriors.
Wizards played him at the 4 last year but yeah otherwise good points
Being in a submarine?
Thanks!
Jimmy Snuka always seemed like a cool dude.
Inb4 Adapting gets ban from competetive play
:(..
FUN FACT: "Definitely" has ten letters!
Chloro*gr*yll
Fuck yea Elon!
Oh boy that's some original looking art for sure.
Slavery.
Doesn't warrant the fact that XYZ mobile game has more depth to it as well as more content
Still, it's going to be shitty paper
Typical Hollywood white-washing
Yeah beacuse lets just keep quiet about everything wrong about the world and hope it just fixes itself
How did this scum get modded
GTY?
Yeah, freebeacon has really been shilling for Hillary...
Where did you get it?
Or your franchise is about to be bankrupt and the NHL does what it can to keep it alive.
Every resident has to *holds up spork*
Freedom wallets aren't the problem, it's their commie currency!
That is one hell of an article... about what someone wears.
How to tell when someone you know is using Windows, when you have to remove their viruses or reinstall Windows six times a month.
How long before Riot tells OGN to stop using booths?
Because Lulu was the factor in todays games right?
But Castro killed 100 times more people than Hitler with his bare hands!
should we start sending videos to the league?
Because all Reddit users have wonderful and diverse opinions that shouldn't be suppressed.
He's just a really good actor.
Because tattoos are physically taxing!
That stall......... disgusting
It's an inkling, from a game called Splatoon by Nintendo.
you are the man
Every poll so far today has left me more excited.
What makes you think Microsoft would want to develop their app for Windows Phone?
Maybe the bacteria do glow but they immediately die
thak you!
But developers said was SUPER hard to do that when asked about PS4K
Record correct, it's never Hillary's fault.
Feardragon got this
Ding ding ding.
This would be amazing but there's no way Nick Martin falls that far.
Webroot Secureanywhere
And just like that all my desires to PvP in legion vanish.
Probably everyone except for Sturridge, now Klopp has another option to bench him for.
When will they fix this?
Time to un-retire and become a Plat Sniper, ha
Love these.
01001101 01101001 01101110 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101111 01101111 00101100 00100000 01101101 01101001 01101110 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101111 01101111 00101110 00101110 00101110
Totally not racist
I think you needed an
Mary was nothing special you idolater
Have you tried turning it off and an again?
I'm a big fan of that as well
About to do episode 5 so I'm not there yet I don't think.
Its almost like he disappeared after the Rams game.
silver scrubs, i deserve challenjour but ma team holds me back *smh*
Ah, those damn Chipotle factories.
Obviously it is the fault of white men and the patriarchy somehow.
If I was a bit tired before a night out I used to take a 'power shower' to wake me up a bit.
I love how headlines often over simplify the matter so that it sounds ridiculous to pay so much for the tuna.
OMG!
because the scars remind me that they are real
This is CS:GO no fun allowed!
Why would being a former detective with ties to the local authorities, who was then led by God to the vehicle in question out of thousands of vehicles within 30 minutes of searching be suspicious?
What a psycho if real.
They will have to bring the shuttle out of retirement, then they could use the cargo Bay for filming and just throw some tarps up and you don't need to worry about the fluids.
If you don't support the refugees you're a racist
So that is why Obama left Kenya, he was deported for being a radical muslim
I hope you guys talk about cyborg
* Leave the church, but can't leave it alone.
Nah, he impregnated his own mother with himself so he could sacrifice himself to himself as a loophole for his own rules, so I am golden..
Hitler did nothing wrong.
This, or just be a healer/tank from day 1.
Or in other words, I just want an excuse to feel superior, so I'm going to forgo any chance to educate others by claiming it's not worth my time.
Cool, now I can Netflix and Chill on the go.
Why does the PA's race matter?
If Japan gave every one of their citizens guns, everyone there would be much safer.
FeelsBadMan
lol yea, more than 100.
A fucking Pelle Pelle I always fucking wanted one
I think you forgot the
Spoilers jeez!
As an American, I think it's obvious that the solution is more guns.
Well it's racist obviously.
I never really played in Bronze but it looks like fun
Yeah, I'm sure they just want to have fun!
Why?
You forgot the
Yes, because asking someone who is gracious enough to take you in to please alter their life even more and shell out money for an allergist is a totally reasonable request
But you must believe in Chem Trails maaaan
Shhh don't you know that Google makes dozens of billions of dollars from windows?
You forgot the
Vicars should start gang raping girls too.
Well that sure proves me wrong.
RELEVANT USERNAME
It's because they're EA friendly and as you might have noticed, on this sub, EA is the enemy.
Grief is nature's most powerful aphrodisiac.
But bernie's tax plan will SAVE you money in the long run
Yeah, and no Universe movie too... WTF!
i hope you forgot the
Probably because flagstaff is heaven on earth.
Floridaman here, I had never heard of marijuana before some shady Coloradoan tried to make me buy some.
nope cuz it happened to a dude
The progress of society
#logic
You personal, emotionally-driven assertion has successfully convinced me that the reasoning in my argument is flawed.
So, Donald Trump then?
They didn't steal or seize your bike as proceeds of crime?
Gendered add-on: Lesbian intimacy is all good, but two guys kissing is extreme!
If only there was a politician on their board with the vision to fix it.
It was caged.
better not risk losing any subs - you should trademark the phrase "I HATE X" just in case someone tries to steal your content.
you will be glad to know he or she would be contributing to reducing fiscal deficit and helping nation building
Nice counter argument
Because only racist xenophobes would deport honest people trying to make an honest living
But Bernie expects everything for free!
Paddy Holohan looking jacked lately too
No way dude, that's AT LEAST a $175 value!
I've only seen a Rolex once or twice.
I see what you did here... All wastelands are the same right?
Wanker.
Stiamo raggiungendo i livelli dell'accordo "Stato - Mafia" [vent'anni e non si sa ancora nulla]
Microsoft will be bringing Windows Live Tiles to iOS and Android.
It has been hard for you to score a league goal this season
OG gets the free win stage because they won the last Major
I tend to go 25 (K) and 10 (D) on average and I still get pissed off for some reason.
It's not like we have a symbol for sarcasm.
Elemental Adaption will be coming back to the tree, calling it now!
Festive Degreaser or Detonator
We'll be rounding him up shortly regardless.
what you didnt like that nonesense with the elf game
Wow, OP, you don't know he was literally a slave?
then it should be cheaper right?
Hamza Tzorsis said that the child must be mentally AND physically ready to take man cock.. If Islam was followed correctly the child would be alive
Blows my mind that ESO can't work when Xbox live is down.
Yeah, how terrible that all the innocent people executed would live.
The Usual Suspects
No one even has the IP to buy her
clay using glitches again, forfeit
Subban and Pacioretty for Scuderi and Bickell with no salary retained on our part and 50% retained on their part
And the dog?
Has to have better results than the status quo.
Aliens!
You dropped this:
Ya, America is definitely responsible for the trash problem in Egypt
Well this will surely end his campaign!
He killed them with boredom from watching him shoot free throws
24x is the pinnacle of FE map design and has yet to be topped
oh no my internet points!
I am so shocked.
An engine that's good at racing in the streets
I've been sayin' it all along, Cutler is awesome -Steven A Smith.
Sounds like that injury really took a toll on her health
yeah, its just this sub that doesn't like the Bellas.
SAVAGE
Someone's making use of their rejected Eurovision song lyrics
Stingray renamed to eel, ok it's all good guys congress didn't say we couldn't use eels
In my state, next year they could only test for a learner's permit
But where else would I go for the wizened political insights of David Mitchell and Owen Jones
This is why our players can't score.
Yes this would LITERALLY ruin everything about the game.
i believe he forgot the
Yeah but at least Boomburst looks *so cool now*!
Shrek?
How can you be moral without god?
Bugs glitches crashes, shitty graphics, shitty NPC, shitty dialogue gameplay,dev wont fix anything and let the modders do the job within a year, i call that a broken game.
It was just her time "She's in a better place" "That's the will of God"
viel gluck
No, if you're a Mavericks fan you're clearly also a fan of the Cowboys and support violence against women
Just because you own an etcher doesn't mean you have to go flaunting it this way.
Such bravery these new voices have, disabling comments and votes.
Sure Muslims are famous for they open-minded, and peaceful ways.
Increasing value for members - upgrayyedd now!
Making one now, posting in around 4-6 minutes :)
oooh..all famously beef eating states are on top...I wonder why...
Sick tatty bro
Evolution is amazing
And You are?
Surprised he didn't cross check the kid.
It's 24 actually.
But it isnt toxic, rito and lyte said so much about non toxic environment being better for game...
That's what they mean by winter I see....
US is anti Semitic
Well if an anonymous group of hackers say so I don't see why you guys are skeptical... Why would anyone lie on the internet.there cant be a secret agenda behind a secret group of hackers that absurd
Now I'll never know who won!
* Heath Streak.
Cant wait for that bastet to be Japanese
he said they were Muslims in New Jersey... And we ALL KNOW that that's how ALL Muslims dress, right?
Who knows, maybe they would have turned into Nazis as soon as they set foot in the USA and started murdering Jews.
They can also walk on broken legs because of adrenalin
You don't have to, it's not enforced.
Probably because it was already on the front page for a full day in a different sub.
What would a good answer for this be?
E
Fire him, bring back Johnston.
RESPONSIBILITY!
Maybe because they're ugly, not innovative or unique, and .. well .. ugly!
Small maps means they're more likely to rotate and burst down your monstrosity.
Freddies are ~~niggers~~
They're probably not getting the full story and probably only used for PR reasons.
I mean with Nick Martin being the 1b center of the draft I think we should take him unless Jack is there.
Don't worry, from what I hear DC has forgotten him to.
I believe he runs 5 mags
... how does that even work?
will you fucks stop arguing about a bunch of files in a video game
Big brother Canada is like known for these.
effort
Bungle Jook
Level 50 dailies give 1gold as reward.
No
I'm disappointed in you ~ Hung Over Jefff
Best of luck with your job hunt man!
16
He's been blunt about the price, even calling Tesla stock too high at one point.
Rich people who will rent out the properties
maaaaaaaaagic
You remind me of Ben Carson who as frontrunner was complaining the media treated him unfairly because of all coverage and scrutiny.
rekt
Come on come on HIT HIM THIS TIME!!
I got 100 acres, I can section off some farmland for them.
FIXED d'oh
Then they should at least put up camera and evict the resident breaking into cars.
It's a little over 100MB on my iPod touch.
Does it scan?
And I can't refuel in Top Gun for the NES.
Gotta love those kind of fixes
Milo would get brigaded as hell
'Why do we have to wait through all these football things to get to the main event!'
As a cherry on the sundae, I get the distinct impression this is not a book he thought you would like so much as a book he thought would be good for you.
Well, that is pretty much all of my prejudices of Australians in one video
EXACTLY!
Probably.
That thing has a name?
Ask nicely.
as they say, slavery wasn't outlawed, it was outsourced.
Hollis Thompson with a hat trick, Messi/Kane-esque.
East Coast Bias.
Noooo the rest of us looovvve it
because they were outdated.
Snuggle in for another hour or 7...
banned from tumblr
The one with a manual gear stick?
Finally, an AIO that doesn't compromise the most important thing: graphics.
But what is it compared to the current view distance
Looks like wotc is printing money again...
Oh you.
great factully based comeback
If the Democratic Party is not like it was thirty years ago it's because people have been voting it in that direction, why would you assume people would vote for someone left of what they have been voting for, especially since the economy is recovering and we have had months and months of job growth with centrism
Why doesn't he go to tournaments?
Killing the enemy.
but its always tebow time
Because some animals are more equal than others.
luckily Im not a Leafs fan lol
ur using that word wrong
Jake Tapper is moderating.
dude teletubbies is terrifying
Is the girl going to remember the guy in a suit or the guy with the mustache in the xmas suit?
No.
That's why you take Uber, no guilt trips about tipping.
This is a rutgers IT job, do I still need that full suit?
I thought i was the only one.
but griel......
Why not sleep for a week though
Same
&lt;3
Nope.
I think you just might be a little bit crazy...
Almost impossible to watch it as it airs
Scooby-Doo
wasn't paying attention when buying this game during the sales.. thouroughly enjoyed it, wish I bought the DLC package.
There is hardware to robo touch phone screens at extreme speed
I love Astronomy, Loverman and Overkill so much, I can't choose a favourite.
That's some contagious laughter!
Kusanya is great
I hear Narwhal is really good.
DPR itu wakil rakyat, suara mereka sudah cukup untuk mewakili rakyat jadi tidak perlu mendengarkan suara rakyat.
Thinking the same thing
Tell that to Kansas.
you going autoflower or regular buddy?
OP hasn't become cynical enough, so obviously they must be a new player, everyone knows all vet players are salty and cynical
Yeah, it's their fault for not carrying their own gun for self defense!
Of course the shittiest team in the history of baseball would have the shittiest fans in the history of baseball.
If you're suggesting that you must be a crack smoking hood rat from Norfolk that wants to destroy VB's pristine oceanfront .
Do it, and I swear it'll be the last thing you ever do, son.
If you win I'll definitely look into it though!
But we don't know if its political (my money is on it) but it could be someone killing everyone because his girl dumped him.
New as opposed to "Used"?
Feet are really just bad hands.
3 majors in next 24 months gets him up there with Spieth and Rory.
Blake Powell to get his own franchise!
If we were all GayVegans our problems would be solved
fucking lol?
you gently tickle his ball sack.
Amen
yu me luv, scotsladdie.
the boomers are going to get the *absolute best* in retirement homes
punished Santa Snake
Yep, their unicycles kept getting stuck in the bogs.
OK I know I'm literally Satan but I love them for gaming, I always seem to have the edge since the key physically doesn't have to move very far.
That time of the week again
Ref did not give a red card, must be a British conspiracy.
It's called protectionism
Well, I gave up the chance when I had it, but if you wanna contribute to the school, you should, but if you're one of those people who are anti social loners or have no friends in the council, I suggest you don't join
I think it was the help that mattered, not the choosing to help.
Making sure he can be vice chancellor under Strache next term...
Typical vegetarian couldnt have just told you only once.
Yeah but TWO mountains.
It's the only think that makes sense really, finding an upgrade for both w33 and Misery is hard, especially given how much their consistency has improved.
Yeah... only seems silly to newcomers
Except he wasn't.
Apparently I needed an
Fun Fact: The 1998 Yankees lost their first 3 games... then won 114 of 159 games...
My guess is probably Wake or Grimes with that 89 speed lol.
Why not, you know, give them the truth, the facts, and let them make an informed decision?
Because if you had a little girl, you likely wouldn't want her exposed to someone's wang in a school bathroom.
Haha yeah and spend most of your life on planes.
This game looks amazing, but how small is the character you play as?
But 45 minutes worth of ads when you're paying 400 bucks for a ticket (and more for those who choose to eat/drink/whatever)?
That would be a shame.
Same here... why bring false information in an already shit slinging debate...
I live on the water and on foggy nights ships blow the fog horns in the bay and it keeps me up, I'd like to place everyone's safety after my comfort as I feel I'm a special little snowflake that needs his sleep.
Online shopping could be her friend, but that's probably too efficient.
Who would have thought that Islamic death-cultist, barbaric, genocidal maniacs were Fascist - that came as a startling revelation.
I hope this comment wasn't serious.
I wish Elyse didn't fake being drunk
Athletes thanking God after every win / amazing play they make comes to mind.
4x20 leg press after squats and RDL's is straight murder and I cant tell if I love it or hate it
To expand, it's more along the lines of bouncing back a forth either frequently or doing so between alliances fighting each other.
you taint rape if it's a duck?
To be fair, hematite isn't a jewel, its an ore of iron
Or to avoid her own makeup getting messed up.
Canada, they have free healthcare so I can get my head examined
Nobody cares about aegis,everyone attacks when its on.
username checks out
Well clearly their rapist have too much consumer power and it's making them rapists.
Impressive collection of grass, but did you find the problem?
*Even if it was* just a giant racist uprising its still a revolution.... Just because you don't like it doesn't mean its not a revolution... These people are idiots
Your plants have a nitrogen deficiency.
gay people ruin everything
Stahp
Freakin miners, they keep filling up blocks with spam instead of with worthy transactions.
wow
This is not a museum and I'd be surprised if it qualified for your internship.
What do you want to bet that he just can't wait to go bra or lingerie shopping with "the girls."
yeah jones looks slow, he's clearly done as a fighter
Don't forget the 1/2 car following distance at 85mph.
so thats why hes shouting vp he wants navi to win
Nah, the flat pen helps way more with his damage
Bullying people into watching your shitty prank channel ALWAYS works
Yes, he should have used his pistol at the very least but still I can't justify the play in any way
Yep, I'm sure the media will pick this story right up
Doesn't work for me, that trick allows me to sink the foundations but I still get the "out of range of a foundation" (or whatever the message is) when trying to make a bigger platform.
Mechanics too stronk
Well, he does think all women are the same...
if Hillary Clinton becomes president, I guarantee that it will be the last time a Clinton is elected to office.
My point being that you can use compiz with any desktop environment, or even build your own session on compiz.
Dat kan ik bevestigen... Mn broer en ik gebruiken regelmatig elkaars id's.
That sounds a lot like the LDP's platform tbh
Gives away too much of the movie
Anything by Sunn O)))
Nah I live in a town and there was around 20-30 ballots with 20,000 people (2007 census) We british luuuuv a good queue
It's not high enough yet
Well said!
I'm just watching the league community stream and the Elder Dragon gives your team 250 gold.
Kinda feel like there should be a ND chip.
I think it just means CBS, NBC, and NFLN each get five a piece.
Hey anything is possible when Allah is on your side.
We're actually talking about Sonic Boom
Perhaps it now counts as a higher value due to the achievement being reworked for WoD UBRS.
the more the merrier
1 word: Equality.
Once a day maximum 5 minutes.
cheers!
This is my life now, I am dogphin
I'm just going to let you know something, I don't like you and I think you know why.
Who needs to plant a bomb when you can just kill the entire enemy team
Well a guy I know once downloaded Half Life 3 from Rapidshare and was super stoked about it until we broke the news to him
Now we need someone to make a doc called Making a Masturbator.
Damn, that was so polite he must be from Canada.
It's only gay if you spitball afterward
You need MM.
The part where she got paid too much money for it?
OP isn't worthy of affection, he's a fucking white male.
Yeah sure, just change your metabolism.
Do I get all the money I donated to his campaign back if he looses?
Bold position to take.
*Spitefully Trust me, I Know Words
Yea man, totally sucking his dick for having almost perfect cs in a 2v2 lane.
yeah the game is dying so much that they even increased their revenues in microtransaction XDD sick analysis mate
Yeah, you had a really great argument yourself
Wow, that one hit me deep
Finally a map Gurl Streamers will know easily!
Las de chorro de tinta son un robo
I can think of someone I guess....
Maybe if you played on a 55in 3D TV with surround sound like me, you'd do infinitely better
I'm just giving you a hard time, love Giovannis too.
Yeah other teams dont play double TP , dont use them better and dont know the current meta better than CLG
Cat.
Sucks any time somebody surrendering gets shot- even if they were enemy.
CLG was so on point for that last teamfight, so excited for MSI.
really sketchy wiring?
Omg animal abuse
Idk maybe somebody for Colt McCoy.
The human life can't run at more than 24 fps anyways.
I forgot about the huge slave business in Europe
Jeej, wat wat leuk.
And still he lived a great life, you'll never have 1/100th of the success he did, and now he's dead so you can't even write him a nasty email.
my exact response
Chances are they will be, though obviously not soon.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take
No you're wrong that will never happen Trump is a waycist
Launch date is april 30 right?
You dropped this.
That's the ocean...
yay, more monopolies!
These students sitting in the ground choosing not to leave totally had no way of resisting
I bet this is 100% accurate.
Yea just like Amazing's tweet
I mostly listen to music when I'm travelling and the signal is shitty so I'd rather download everything and let it shuffle than manage a playlist
They've seized the means of production, post production if you will, long ago.
Because they walk side by side, right?
Should be fine.
I'm sure she needs a brass knuckle phone case
And her name is Sony
Yeah that's it, every man who has ever turned her down was because they knew their dick was to small..... it has nothing to do with their physical preference
At least you have the Simpsons museum.
but the reality is that when Klefbom comes back from the IR, Hunt is headed back to Bakersfield.
There's still an NDA once you're done so they won't really be able to talk about it
*My* idea, at that.
Yea it was fun punching that wolf for 40 mins at the start of bloodborne
So how do you know what percentage they represent?
Dat end... :p
I have 56 mins on ps4
Probably some shitlord that owned slaves and killed indigenous people.
Scrape it off and pack a bowl.
People like you are why I stop playing gta.
Oh, thats even better
If you weren't such a poor you'd be able to hear the difference that gold makes.
But it's all about the experience of freezing your ass off while paying a premium price to barely see stuff in the discomfort of a public crowded place
Do you have any other links/examples?
Who's gonna care about two dead guys?
I can't accept Bethany is alive, it would be ridiculous to misidentify yet another body
Yeah lets give people jobs based on gender rather than merit and see where society goes.
Cinematic gaming is the best gaming
A first term Senator neglecting his elected office in order to campaign for POTUS...... Something feels familiar about that, I just can't put my finger on it
Tennessee Jed in long road trips my Dad, but Uncle John's Band was always my second favorite man.
MP sell out.
And I'm positive lobbyists have nothing to do with that.
The obvious answer is to increase the penalties to make all these greedy, hateful rethuglicans have no other option.
Does anybody believe this?
These girls are racist bigots who have no compassion for other cultures.
I am sure they don't want 7x faster validation using secp256k1
What, you've never had Nancy's?
I'd rather not talk about our backup qb
Not all of us are that smart, cmon now.
Yeah the Warriors have gotten a lot of rest in the days before this.
I don't wanna ge racist or anything but all these german girls look the same...... ...... .... ....
Ya, because all those that are doing well have worked hard, and all those who arent doing well havent worked hard.
I watched it and laughed a bunch...if you can tell where his satire / trolling starts and his actual bigoted opinions end it's rather funny...the guys is still a gigantic raging douche though.
* no abortion in cases of rape or incest * opposes gay marriage * opposes net neutrality * rejects scientific consensus on climate change * opposes immigration reform of any kind Yeah, those are some really well liked policies with people who aren't far right
everything good is cancer, duh
But she's totally the one who can't let go.
no cuz we ned tacticz talk b4 gayms n I cnt handle pple syng mean tingz 2 meeeee
TLO showed us how good his practice was against the top foreigners in his group!
Wow so no credit to Bargnani?
BUST!
Yes you are....
Yeah, Bush is worse than ISIS
So are you saying that if people were living for an extended period of time on a planet with a significantly different period from Earth that they would automatically adjust to it?
I'd trade an extra blood rush for argon scope.
Wow he broke both his arms and his own mother won't jerk him off.
It was written by real indigenous Harappan Dravidian Indians as a counter to the invading Aryan &amp; their Vedas
Good thing that picture is
Yeah man, oh you can totally tell from this 10 second clip of GSP hitting pads that's he's lost his step.
Too bad the earth is flat and this would never happen
Helps to choose the scan that blocks other scans as well; then it becomes about strategic timing.
No way, all Republicans are racist to everyone who isn't white.
Literally and metaphorically!
Antioch: Shoot a man, just to watch him die.
*facepalm* In no way does the name Standard imply it will be the standard mode, and thus have more players
We definitely need more articles about this.
Am I?
That Jagr guy is really becoming a breakthrough hockey player.
great thx
Yeah things like the lack of media coverage regarding Peyton and HGH while attacking Brady because of Deflategate couldn't possibly have anything to do with that "victim complex."
Maybe he is using all his corporate and bank donations to fund the wars, to prove he is right.
Give it a couple years, then it'll be considered a *fine antique*
y tho
Everything is balanced, no classes are op.
Might help shredding it, too.
No, because it shows Oboro not married to me.
He's famous, every moment of his life is our business.
Nah it's cool,the supreme court said it isn't bribery unless it's direct quid pro quo Because apparently that's the only way to get corruption
American Indian cultural appropriation!
How suspicious, you don't have a "haha" your comment... Must be a shill
I think there was an implicit
Definitely the buff lycan needs.
You dropped this:
no shhhh he's a horrible human being because he disagrees with us politically it isnt possible for liberals to be decent people
Just look at those fine Oklahoma police officers correctly using their training.
Did not think I needed the
They also built up McCain and Romney during the early primaries.. and how'd that work out?
Yeah, Udyr caused the nerf of the item.
Gee I thought he almost forgot about us
My favorite is Vanilla ISIS
Well *obviously* non-rich people only need a dilapidated building to call home.
He said under $50
TIL Hk police force is actually a PreCrime unit from minority report
And Wonderful
Meanwhile Jokic is leading us to the promise land
We're still pissed about the War of Northern Aggression.
I'm sure this won't result in destruction of habitats at all.
I was worried people would still miss it, I debated with myself for a good 30 seconds about putting a
What about when his wife asks him to get it up?
Now that is what I call making use of your limited athletic ability!
Because it's scary frankenfood
Agreed this is making this run really smooth.
Dude the Packers are one TE away from the Superbowl!
TIL.
Wellllllllllllllllll we could make TDM a comp game type.
Wow, communism must be a viable model of government!
Probably because they rejected two of my stories
Don't worry, he's just "reclaiming" the word to rid it of its homophobic meaning
But, but, but... then she can't keep an eye on her and keep getting overly aggressive, depressed and cranky when the girl is probably just friends with those other people!
Fucking bitch
Making crop circles with wooden boards is a old hobby
Nah man Blizzard is right, I think they are still like Physical card, because in order to travel from US in Europe you should pay a plane ticket so, If youare from US and want to play in EU with your collection, just pay 800$ for it(Just like a plane ticket), and there you are, youcan play in EU with your collection even if you are from US
because he likes the opportunity to punt more often?
I bet that if Hillary gets voted in she'll also prevent this genocide from happening
Oh damn, I guess he's gotta buy a farm now
Wrong pic?
Isn't that just a special subreddit?
We are having the same problem at my school right now but instead of guys with axe it's girls with a shit tone of parfume and hairspray.
Then you're wrong.
Understood your comment is sarcastic but this will be an argument by many of the candidates after tonight, to which I will laugh because Fox Business is full of bleeding heart liberals.
New York catching up with the progressive state of Arizona
I hope it's a sexy concept.
Like a good little socialist, Bernie knows the people can't have any power.
But anon it's not racist to assume that everyone in Africa is black.
But weed isn't bad for you or addict!
Stop not liking things that I like!
Godwin's law.
That is probably the release date.
Disclaimer :
You should demand/protest for more white murican professors.
You're getting downvoted because you forgot
You're gonna feel really bad if Roscoe had the sniffles!
Sure but Kermit is on Sesame Street.
Coming soon to an expansion near you: **The Resistance: Youth Arena**
Because I bare the guilt of people alive hundreds of years before me that I never even knew.
If OP was a girl and this was her dad, people would say its sexual harassment
Because it was truly worth top comment..
Well, I don't think players on consoles can beat trainers and hackers.
wow you're not creepy at all
Wow, Israel is the biggest violator of human rights
maybe she's blind and couldn't see the bag.
Messaging you now!
Yes, because making it more accessible to be forgiven for sins you have repented for is a bad thing, right?
totally impossible to gain 3 cmb in a couple hours with 5x xp, right
nah he just has an expensive headset man, heard his heart beating.
This^
Good job at explaining your point
Because it's not the feminist's job to educate them shitlord!
What's kayfabe?
We have that to...its called dad vs the police :/
I believe you mean Bill Paxton
I don't need a ticket because I'm a great driver.
Ugh, White men are the worst!
Simple facts about The Washington Times, neither vitriolic nor hateful and easily verified.
Militant Baker ...
You can't lose if you don't play.
Do you have the confirmation email they send out anytime you buy something?
b..b..b..but he's a good christian man with values, he would always do the right thing and act like a good christian man...
Already announced he's going to OU.
You're conveniantly forgetting all of the unabashed Stormtrooper support
God knows I do.
not to be a stickler, but that's not back-and-forth...
Yeah but I think that was a few weeks ago.
She looks pretty fucking cool
Never
geraffes are dumb
593 282
Probably Ricky Williams but there was no way he was going to be worth what we gave up More realistically, in the Brees/Payton era I'll go with: - Sedrick Ellis (played 5 years and was never worth a 7th overall pick) - Stanley Jean-Baptiste (2nd round pick who we cut after only 1 year where he only played 4 games, mainly on special teams)
You really can't argue that Trump is part of the establishment when he acts against it and it acts against him.
well yeah, cus if she said no she was gun git raped
You would need a prerecorded video where the officer says he plans on driving to your house and shoot you to have any chance of not getting the book thrown at you.
But it's not *exactly* the same.
Voter fraud is when the voter them self does the defrauding.
Heres aa few... Weasel, cycles, planes, I have a few more but I forgot them, I have them written down somewhere I'll post more suggestions later
Any time it's all caps I know it's the Donald.
Still doesn't look like Daisy Ridley.
What Abt Gadot
EXCUSE ME, JUDGES, MY EYES ARE UP HERE
I wonder if Darnell achieved his expected actual to expected pussy ratio.
HAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK YOU
YOU ARE SWANN
He was never a good hc
You should put what kind of suplliers you seek, into the title
Go figure, China wants as much control in its sphere of influence as the U.S has in its own.
Bye.
So no go for the racist socialist Senator
Diaz disease.
Good guy Aries
King Salman of Saudi Arabia acts in his people's interests
Goes well with the British white, brown and pink sauces.
If I had a CC And that shit happened to me, at least 2 people would've gotten shot.
What is the median income of the families you are intending to serve (or at least the zip code) Basically are these people the type that would pay $75/month for fast broadband if it was available or are they are the type that can't afford it anyway.
Check your in-game sound options, and try playing some other games to make sure it's not just your speakers/headphones
I find Ash Wednesday very odd so I guess it cancels out
#MORE LIKE CHOKER HOMERUNLAND
you a god in this shit
Wow what a longshot!
wew
What time is it for you?
Trump supporters, like trump himself actually support law enforcement
Great nickname you've got there.
We live in a rape culture where rape accusations have no power!
No prob!
this isnt the easy way, its way easier to just use quiet with sinful butterfly, she drops them in like 2 minutes.
Isn't there like a cool down on using tanks though, I'd imagine that's a little different if so If not then forget what I said
Where are my testicles Summer?
Fuck anything that isn't reddit.
Nobody is complaining about it so I don't see your issue.
Haha...just wait until you see the DVR charge on your next bill (no, DVR is not Free)
I'd expect that once you figure out the letters the rest would be a matter of programming stuff in comfortable places.
That's 18+... you should wait couple of years before watching it.
I've always thought they sounded similar at parts, glad I'm not the only one.
That, they already are!
Me too, that's why I'm always in there from 25-45 minutes.
PC MASTER RACE PC MASTER RACE!
They must be very devoted to their husbands to go through such trouble to get them a sandwich.
That Ortiz double play was so fucking satisfying too
And a shiny red truck.
Because America only goes to war to protect the freedom and never for any geopolitical or materialistic reasons.
Why not just get a new RAM module?
Black bikini not NSFW enough :(
Just use rune combiner
Yeah but Chris Matthews is clearly a Hillary $hill
I didn't know Cockatoo's could be invisible.
Lol, alright then.
Comment karma is from comments xD
if i werent in fade scalping monkeys id take a talwar fleet over to pew them :(
I think I feel more acrophobia looking at that picture than that kitten feels sitting there.
Imagine what would happen if they had guns
Well that went well
Hey man, ethics in video game journalism is serious business, and when a woman doesn't follow them, it's completely acceptable to inundate her with death and rape threats.
Communism Communism Communism Communism Communism Communism Communism
November 10th midnight on EST I think
whatever I can't afford a macbook anyway
Thank you for answering correctly, I was scared people here would think they are doing this off the cuff...
If the situation were reversed, I wouldn't blame him for asking her to pay either.
Something tells me you shouldn't have been in that relationship to begin with.
Other exec: The only question is how much extra is it going to cost to get either or or both of them nude?
Can you read.
Indeed
Considering how much we use anti-VEGF injections for macular degeneration/proliferative diabetic retinopathy, I doubt this is even nearly a common occurrence.
I'll hold him down, someone get his nut quick!
Ygritte looked around a curtain-type thing, IIRC.
It doesn't
Sign into your account on someone's iPad, I think you get a free Celeste and soon a free Koshka.
New, from Greg's!
Well the clue is in the title
Well joomlas don't work without shaping the public opinion now do they?
This
The only answer.
Sprinkle some guns on him!
Take whatever parts work and sell them really cheaply, you can make some cash off of those I'm sure.
Flawless VM execution means being able to terminate Vincent Murdock without hindrance.
Hail to Pitt!
Well this has been a pointless argument indeed :D
More like, to die for.
all bosses require either a finisher or magic to land the final blow
Seems like their ability to find explosive material isn't as good as they hoped.
How'd you come up with that one
No one would log in -_-
Ayy seerveer wants to look at Freddys dick I see ;)
Luxotica for the win!
I think he means when it goes from going upwards to a standstill to free-fall, that is when it hits zero-G and registers the height.
Prove it, until then I will downvote you.
Well, I mean, so is 'hotdog sandwich'.
That reduces the functionality of being able to keep your dimmer settings and just turn off the light.
Kelly's clothes look very Rainbow to me, like mass produced trendy stuff a young girl would wear once.
But you see video games are the most important part of my identity as a person!
Drug addiction.
Sentient gats sent back in time to stop the lizurd takeover.
It's almost like everyone wanted a few specific dorms and there wasn't enough capacity to put them all there.
I honestly have no clue, I've never looked into Hitler's philosophy on a deeper level than "he really didn't like the Jews".
Because geopolitics definitely don't affect the election for the most powerful person in the world
Mr.O here I come
Yay I get to teach and certify for a CLS recertification class I'm so excited can't wait
No, because everyone can vote once.
that would disenfranchise the poor who don't have access to internet or computers
Maak Nederland weer geweldig.
Wow dude griefing for the Empire how typical, jumping off the map and conceding the round
Baltic Sea is going to be crowded this year with all those Russian trucks.
But if they had a way to get gems in game they would make slightly less billions of dollars.
Yeah, I wasn't sure about the sentries, but the shepherds are pretty easy.
lots of mimic beacons.
Did you wake up?
You missed the ENTIRE point of that post.
Not months, but you'll need a calendar.
Once the initial sync is complete back up the whole bitcoin data directory then you only need to sync from the time you backed up.
They wouldn't.
That's awful, my thoughts and prayers are with you.
Mizzou played them last year
Come on, Mesa can aim while being blindfolded, don't be such a baby!
Math teacher?
That guy behind you too also has strong beard game going on, you should say hi!
Glad I wasn't the only one to click the link
Definitely fleshlight
Now will these veterans will be labeled kaangresi and politically motivated when they return their awards?
Then don't play a style that leads to those hits that will be retaliated for.
Cocaine.
A few reasons: I was uncomfortable with it (I'm incredibly shy and anxious about my body), I had terrible experience with it watching my sisters' try and give up due to bleeding nipples and mastitis and all the issues they had with it, I was going back to work quickly and there is no time or place to pump, and I wanted to share that duty with my husband.
You know we were tired of the unloaders not doing Jack shit, they don't have enough already to do with CAP so let's make them fill the clearance table and keep it full- Backroom CO.
But 3rd hand smoke, bro!
Then you're a noob for letting him flash on you
I know one of my flight chiefs wrote the CDCs for EW so there are military dudes that help or write them as well.
When you are spinning 360 degrees it certainly helps remind you where you are.
Well as you may know the warm air in the room will try to warm up the PC... so make sure you pack it with cotton wool to keep it cool.
Pyth looks like a young Don Vito
Thank god Shelburne was able to confirm he was going via sources.
yay fascism
lose one bo1 against liquid and disband the whole team
Welp, there go all my risky clicks for the day
By asking what he was wearing, you've taken the first step to victim blaming
Clay from sons of anarchy is going to be kicking the doors down then, I guess I'm still with the sons
Just like all those other small business that fail in the rest of the WHOLE WIDE WORLD where paid family leave exists.
I seriously doubt that happens
Are you hooked directly to the modem, or are you passing through a router?
The fakest, but hey, HYPE!
We really need to make a fucking sub for this dota 2 fan fic shit
But that's pocket change to him, if he really cared he would give until his girlfriend would have to choose between groceries and medical treatment then give some more.
I thought it said "Cosby" for a second and got confused.
Yeah, I mean he can't even submit Palhares at 23 years old, like you should just turn in your blackbelt
Zat ant vhen you declare ze war, ja?
Thats why you get sick from eating raw chicken too.
with all due respect, it's a Carhartt jacket...
They probably need all day kindergartens so their parents can work their 3 part time jobs.
You forgot the
you dropped this
Yep, getting affection from your SO sure is embarrassing and oh so demeaning.... where do they get off humilating ME with their love?
Did anyone ask them to chant 'Bharat mata ki jai'?
I did actually contemplate the use of an apostraphe, but I thought you only used apostraphes like that when merging two words, then I thought maybe its childs', then I thought fuck it, somebody smarter than me on reddit will set me right, so thanks!
Implying that people in Tennessee can read.
Sexy Rexy rules!
It's because they are buffering a Shoryuken
cruz is terrible
But something something good for business something something!
Because the best time to do 120mph in my lifted brodozer is the middle of the day, in heavy traffic, in the pouring rain, right guys?
establishment $hills
Fleischman looked good Weise didn't play
Couldn't have happened to a nicer golfer
Melo wants to be LeBron ?
Simple majority?
Gotta be invested to generate $$$ you can't just sit on cash jesus fuck
It's harder to cheat in a final when more eyes are on you
Nah man, Muslims are pro-gay rights!
Value/weight should be included in the description, but it's a good skill to have when you go shopping irl.
He sounds a bit manipulative and selfish to me.
No, because it's not okay for little girls to try to be masculine, but it's perfectly okay to make all boys act feminine and never explore their masculinity.
that whole comment might as well be called "not the onion"
Sometimes the best things in life are *bad*
if that ever was any concern, we would never have games like GTA
Marner is so invisible.
Try a motorcycle, it's safer!
Parasite was on OG for a week or something in Ghosts haha
I'm the Hussie
But but what about the people who cant play so well...
we're already a week in and suck can we get a mulligan
Sarcasameters are of a bygone age, there are too many weirdos on the internet, he should have used the tag
And sometimes 30% because ice water.
I for one am shocked!
I was pretty sure a good shounen ninja was supposed to come back from the dead and summon meteors
Yeah, but remember that one time Trump led a parade?
He can just watch the killcam
Not sure why Killa got dropped, Califa and Sin did far worse
I'm thinking stoned.
Not everyone is a money play cheeser.
editorialized
hope he's alright...
You need to read some firewall logs.
Yup it doesn't work with the season pass, because fuck us am I right?
or just use ahk
You cant be sexist against men
that must mean you haven't been looking at all since 'pac never died
Prepping us for Europa League action
But wouldn't you be?
I love those new animations!
I think that will make it even harder to talk to ppl in distict chat...
Fuck ADC's even more, noice
How many coaches working today have more than two NBA Finals appearances?
Mine also died after 3 weeks... I've noticed some failures and that's ok all devices have me but the reason it not for me is that my 3li and dna200 and even sig 150 and cube put me all at 130w and the snow would doesn't FEEL lol 130 it feels like is lagging behind in watts
I was taught to throw anything out that I've had for more than 3 months for sanitary purposes.
But only whites can be racist!
Beat me to it:) good draw
It not like they have any reason to be salty
We should get paid for doing that.
Hey don't you know, women are incapable of making their own decisions
Is it coordinates?
yes .. sorry forgot the
my friend
Comment history lays it out pretty clearly
Acid Betty probably took it because she was so rude to her remember!
Your friend has a built in charging station, so he beat you there.
I guess it's time to find another outspoken feminist working for Nintendo and try to get her fired... What a great time in history for video games, the medium and its fans have really matured a lot.
Enforcing that would be racist you bigot!
You forgot the
I recall getting an olive green color when I ate zero vegetables...and otherwise felt fine...
especially because new profiles get shown to people a lot more than old profiles, so there'd be a much higher chance of him seeing her first.
All Canadians look the same anyway.
inb4 people claim it is not because of race
Rex uses its stamina quicker though and spinos regens faster
Bu-bu-but he is so hilarious and entertaining to watch, and he is reformed
That faceshield and mask were completely necessary.
I need my safe space!
Does anyone else think Rito should give all champs for free like Dota
or games.
55% feminine, 45% swine.
Or you can pick a standardized architecture from the start (like PC) and everything works fine...
Just like GodV?
I hope you missed your
Interestingly enough, it seems to depend on character for me... Hunter, I can get it consistently, other classes, nopenopenope
Well, you know, all those brown people do look alike...
I served in Airforces in AirPort crew, FA-18 hornets are awesome too!
Hey now, secret courts have always worked out so well in the past!
for over 5 billion dollars.
I totally bet that this link is legit
Real life has no pause button
At least in Saudi Arabia, their cultures are similar enough that the women would already be indoors covered from head to toe so they can't be molested, and everyone's happy!
The FDE furniture raises the value significantly
Just stay at home
You're missing your
I make the money for bonds by having a job and buying them
Why we dont trade him for Shea Weber?
[](/raritywhine) But Hulu has ads!
hahaha Richard Lewis is an alcoholic bore... Rahiem was right!
I love how petty, easily butthurt people drag the rest of us down over their petty personal concerns.
Wow both parts of the province got screwed over.
Reported.
Just to clarify, FaceIt's anticheat doesn't let you wall hack or if it does, it's super close range Source: I make bust videos So you can't really wall that distance :/
Your understanding of hypocrisy is brilliant.
Can't wait for jinx to have a Corki like package she needs to pickup or her missiles dmg suffer from diminishing returns.
Weird, I can't imagine a Clinton lying.
Sorry, I only like sophisticated humor, like reddit memes.
Give me one piece of unbiased historical evidence that says Christopher Hitchens was a real person
He'll turn Kaepernick into an All-Pro with his QB friendly offense.
wut
Because Europe = cucklords clearly.
Am dutch, at least I can still be an aso ;p
Nope, you're the only one.
don't forget the
Not sure another team's fans had a bigger argument this year.
I have added you in game and will contact shortly.
Ronald told me it's $3.50
Yeah maybe if you want serial killers in your neighborhood!
This goes to show that the only difference is skin color
Ah ok thanks didn't mean any disrespect, I just couldn't tell if he was joking or being serious .
Glad to see someone clarified this.
Ah, yes, Scandinavia, the northern European country famous for being a country.
They could pay to repair her credit then.
i feel like this is a canned answer.
They can just say CIA forcefully changed their accent in Syria for reasons.
I forgot my
Yes, a lack of mutual respect is always the best relationship advice
He doesn't have his old LeHops because the league is cracking down on LePEDs LeDecline is real
Liar... I know more than all those bums and I prove it from the comfort of my couch every weekend.
Just like you guys blew out the Broncos now that you're healthy
Oh you're right; in the right context, him using a racial slur is completely fine!
Does she want you near her?
don't we all realize he's just a patriot trying to do his duty and is being prevented from doing so because of PC bs?
Increases the number of runes while rcing at mysterious ruins.
LOL did I just instigate the birth of a new fanfic?
And doesn't actually go towards renewables, it gets put into the general tax pool.... And there is nothing in writing forcing them to spend it on renewables... It's a smoke screen if you will But how can that be true, we've NEVER been misled by Obama on purpose....................
This is why comic book movies will never take off
Thank you Mama Merkel.
Why wait when you can start a new discussion/question every hour asking for a new jailbreak?
I dunno you ever seen "Joey"?
Add
hey you must be an islamophobe/africaphobe/whatever the fuck-phobe
Come on man do I really need to put an
you forgot the
As long as they don't drink coffee, they should get a pass.
Special interests are all bad...except for the ones that agree with populism, Reddit, and Bernie Sanders!
Damn, for almost 2000 years, nobody had a similar performance.
Thank you
KILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKEKILLER MIKE
Don't worry Cruz will be our Republican savior
Well not everyone gets on reddit to learn from the smartest people in the world!
For being Brad Marchand
Fucking Weaboos
Bernie should say: "Enough is enough," which is a magical incantation that has a real world effect on people.
and they likely don't want H1B visas as it loses them jobs, but middle America losing jobs, well they are racists anyway
well, you know, there's a special place in hell for that 87%
You mean sihr.
Business relocating from Indianapolis to Mexico
Very fitting subreddit, since reading Braille is a useless talent...
That just reinforces how wonderful adrenaline is.
You're forgetting that women are the weaker sex and need constant mollycoddling.
Yeah, they can't control what they see but ITS THE BEST PLACE ON THE INTERNET
xDDD sick meme broo
Guns tend to go off if you scream gun control at them.
totally getting laid tonight!
ole miss still hold the tie breaker with Alabama could possibly miss the SEC Championship game
mas mabula, mas epektib!
dont check the mags before the trip home is all im sayin
Oh right, Apple completely lost its way when he died and is barely profitable now.
duly noted that disabling styles actually physically changes the text of a comment
Oh yes because Ireland has always been known for being Britain's peace loving, non extremist neighbour.
Yeah, it takes a lot of bravery to admit you own a gun in Texas.
Wow it's a sad sad day when sport is more informed about Gundogan than Dortmund is
In the UK you can get arrested for incitement... OMG savages, comparable to Iran even!
Wow how surprising
It couldn't have been an inside job, the planes came from the *outside*, stupid.
Surely this headline is a typo and it meant to say "Wife frequently beat by husband, then murdered when he lost his job"
Shit, all mine is tied up in MNGA and AMD from the circlejerk about 6 months back
I know for a fact all gays don't exist.
It's really east actually, whatever your brain tells you to do... do the opposite.
But he's totally more conservative than Trump
Child Protective Services is the best parent anyone could ask for.
Spot on analysis, reddit is overwhelmed with anti-bernie propaganda!
Oh no what will we ever do without you?
what diversity is fun what is that supposed to mean straight white guys are boring WTF REVERSE RACISM
Yeah, because if you do talk about it, someone will cry "rape" and try to end your career before it ever starts.
Now I need to get alts to get more bans
Ah, that gasmask though.
oh yeah that works thanks
You have such a way with words bravo
X1
Go fuck yourself
Ah yes, Columbus Ohio, the heart of eSports in North America
Who was born in a house full of pain?
I think it was in FO3 or NV too :D
That's 5000 new since ~April gen conf... over 10 wards worth (assuming a conservative assigned member count)
yeah, so is rand paul.
The one I'm a part of.
Yes... But did the son have his hands up?
rank 1 EMP shield is SOOOO hard to get....
Oh yeah taking part of Ukraine is conquering the world
#THIS IS AMAZING!
He's no real artist, he's just a guy ~~pressing buttons~~ spinning a wheel!
I agree 100%
Nice, thank you!
That's what you get for driving on the wrong side of the road!
Damn man, using more than 2 tabs in Chrome?
Yeah they should have free DLC be replaced with optional microtransactions but the DLC should be stuff that the community could have made themselves
[](/hahaha) I'm sure he'll do a magnificent job of representing the needs and will of the public!
Also: since it's regulated by a pendulum it runs for almost exactly the same duration each time..........
yeah very consistent
*eyeroll*
what?
What is this 2008?
But with dedicated servers the host can't rage quit and kick everyone
Brick and Mortar, or ecommerce?
He's MVP though
Jeph is Canadian now; his Thanksgiving comic is a month late.
No man all white people in Sweden are racist, 200% of them, everybody should just open the door and bring 10 refugees into their house and share everything they have with them
You forgot
Damn, knew they were out to get Murph
It was a bank robbery.
Star citizen wings 1.2
They don't have a gear sponsorship, why is this an issue?
Right I spend max 30 seconds on games, usually they just concede when they see I'm a hunter
Oh okay, then a death sentence handed out by a civilian without a trial seems appropriate then.
/flame on/ You pay more for quality
They chain your hands to the keyboard so as to minimize disruption to other students.
Only men understand contracts, silly!
Wassup Fucknard
Yah, EA and Activision would have gone through with the lawsuits.
Looks like a baby dumpster to me.
I mean, G2 should legitimately be up more than that
No NatWest.Oh ffs my only bank,you bag of shits get it together
Meaning?
I completely forgot about Foster.. Why hasn't there been any news on him?
*Tom then applies color to the work, a splash of orange for lighting, the shading is good, and he makes sure to capture Natsumi's glow*
If it has a negative effect it's called a Nocebo.
i agree with you.
I gave up during Discord installation after my anti-virus called for the 5th time...
He 100% should've been the MVP that season
Shia lebouf
Why do you know that?
addblock
Holy shit, I haven't seen this question asked before.
Although I forgot SMD, which I thought was pretty good.
Thanks bb
Because all the men were busy scooping the driveway?
Full zerk loot stick guard is what myself and my guildies did.
Macro Or modded controllers What they do is that they automatically hit buttons for you even if you fire your semiauto or burst weapons once.
Sorry I thought that was discussing the trades and etc that have been made not for future trades.
Ew.
I too would hate it if my car wasn't going to be delivered until 2031.
Sorakas pickrate was really impressive.
Exactly!
No variks, mines KILL guardians, I thought we went through this last week?
Scott-Kobe seems to be more self-aware about his own suckiness and the need to develop players
But how can I show other people digital images that I was looking at on my phone in portrait mode other than reposting an unedited screenshot?
Or fill it up with massive amounts of small hardpoints and be a master at one shotting sidewinders :P
deoxit gold and a wireless pcie card!
Well we got one that was happy for almost 5700 years.
760,021
If you dig Monkberry Moon Delight, check out the band Man Man they pretty much take that style and run with it.
No ragrets
The butthurt is strong in this one.
I'm pretty sure he's exaggerating.. Maybe he meant 1800, which is more than enough for a really good PC.
Let's not
I can see the merits of both arguments and I know exactly the reason Steejo hates terminus stations with a passion (watch his openTTD series) A terminus station can cause you no end of grief and leave you with a 20 train gridlock that takes ages to clear
There was a big battle on the river and the main medicine man lost his hat (which was apparently a pretty significant thing for them), so they named the location medicine hat and it stuck
I kind of like them.
What about autostart on permission manager?
The amount of peasantry is too damm high!
because Catalunya is so ***cool*** that can get invaded ;)
Just wanted to say, love the username.
Neither of those things happened.
its safer here
That was the directors decision, not just the studio execs.
Icies Falco tho
Gonna have to take Ganondorf round to the Hangin' Tree.
Ooh gottem buttmeat Gottem
I think it's very disc / run dependent.
You wouldn't mind giving me that OnePlus One would you?
At first I thought it was a typo as well, but then I realized that the words were bold to highlight the difference....
And SMS encryption is messy (message overhead, risk of confusion, etc)
Next to last and last respectively.
Yeah I also agree with all these bronzies with a Master Yi flair who are totally NOT biased and know exactly what they are talking about.
I feel poor unless I have a million in the bank at all times, but I do upgrades in bunchs
WHY DID YOU HAVE TO BRING THAT UP?
And SS Innes dickish
I see how this affects betting
Never underestimate the power of International Rich People!
Nice 1 m80 I meant your marriage not the cake
I'd say Dresden has a few levels of rogue.
#THAT'S NOT A JOKE, THAT'S A PICTURE OF A JOKE
It's Ladybug - Jeremy Zag, Noam Kaniel &amp; Alain Garcia.
No Chuck this episode!
Swarfega Orange will do the job, and that uses good old-fashioned grit.
That's such a weird thing to notice about someone.
I would like to, but we sent our pick wide right to Jacksonville.
Want her to be a mother of three?
Whos granite tower got bombed?
sorry, i cant be attracted to this because i'm not corrin
60 fps porn is astounding.
What he's doing is following his big money donors orders to take as many delegates away from Trump as possible in the hopes of forcing a brokered or contested Convention so the establishment Republicans can fuck trump out of the GOP nod.
Can I stop my car on a busy road and work on the engine?
Plastics?
BHARAT TERE TUKDE HONGE INSHALLAH!
which is funny because people always try to flex when sharing is super easy
H E L L O E L L O
The blotters are made of paper
The Procrastinator 8 mana 0/1: Inspire: Do everything except what's important.
It's a fun game, but it drags on forever and loses some of the horror in the monotony.
yeah without the arrow it'll just subtract from available to budget~ it's just nice to see a big carryover debt in an area to remind me to get paid back or to put cash toward something then again it only really works with a buffer, without it, to a new user it could lead to miscalculation and overdraft :X
If I ever said I fucked yo bitch... Just know.. I mean it, ehh.
I guess this is how I go...
314 Hunter PSN FSeven
That's imaginative...
Maybe click it.
I have always wanted to be a part of a riot and I think I may get my wish.
s
yeah he's joking
Seriously?
basically why mexicans are taking our jobs
I haven't seen anything yet, Not sure I missed a couple minutes at the begining, could be more towards the end.
Yeah but back in the old days I got hyped and wondered what kind of cool edits will there come from that crazy play.. Oddshot has lowered the quality of this subreddits content drastically.
...not sure how to feel about your username
cool, wouldn't it be great to watch t-will drop pass after pass from RG3?
Soon they'll be automatically doing "best of 3" fight series
Sarah Conner had no comment.
We did it Reddit!
Yes, it happened there, last September.
Trump incites violence
opening of 2006 SB is one
Oh so that's why they delayed the album
This is how I will die.
No
Look at the flags across the world for regions of other countries, tell me you feel a connection to the Virginia flag
No remove kebab Bulgaria is of fan of kebab
Yay, promoting drunk driving!
pause
soon^TM
The fandom gets every character really well except Sans and Papyrus.
Would give you gold for that if I wasn't so cheap
Only seen the movie once, but I definitely remember him trying the bowcaster and saying something along the lines of "I like this" or "need to get one of these."
This time is back with macro auto battle
So ARAM?
One does not simply read, "don't wizz on the electric fence" without the jingle that goes with it.
I'd settle for just seeing if he can manage to string 2 coherent sentences together.
Maybe he discovered some incriminating evidence and is why he was brutally tortured -possibly for his source and/or who he shared it with before being killed.
But for those of us who average 11, we get 8...
Obviously the revolver is the better choice.
Your mom.
Thank you.
You look super duper cute and you give off an artsy vibe.
The Bad Meme
Yup, couldn't pass up the opportunity.
A lot of fancy cheeses tend to be quite smelly, but are amazing if you like cheese Source: love cheese
Yep we are switching back to RCN from comcast and got "new user" discounts even though we were customers previously.
Go away
Iam saying that every story in quran has some purpose and all verse have been interpreted in some way or another.. so what so special about this that cannot be applied to everyone ,when it can be also interpreted as that your fate is sealed from the beginning.
I hate the 49ers but the Bay Area is really cool.
They could have used the T-slur *in the submission title*.
Only 75 in FIFA 16 do not want
same tbh honest
Lol starving people aren't real people
But muh muh my momentum
Now I really want one of these
Recommended daily calorie intake includes "breaking food down"
Anti racism campaigns that remind me of the unpleasant reality of racism are the real racists.
r/lewronggeneration
Every time I see him, I want to give HIM a shower, a really cold one.
I ask questions in class... Or at least I try to because I forget what I wanted to ask.
Because conan secretly has an "in" with all the major vpn providers
The downside of not know if you'll win is that it's scary
Hey dad it's me ur son
The fact they didnt put that jack/port coming out of the bottom for the wire bothers me way more than it should.
No, you're the first one to make this connection.
That's about the percentage of all white men in America still voting.
No no no.. we're gonna take Zeke with #4 overall!
Ummmm... You know we can see the real prices on the tags, right?
...until Valve decides you don't own it, their servers go down, they recind your account, or they close shop.
look at the new macbook compared to a asus ux305 and remember to cut the macbooks performance in half due to the CPU thermal throttling.
her itemization is far from terrible imo.
Find a buffalo wild wings?
Oh I didn't know Islam Net represented Islam as a whole, or even moderate Muslims.
Nah, I've seen just how stupid the patriarchy is from the first person view, I'm just trying to be a decent bloke.
Dude you're crazy Demetrius Johnson is a flyweight I get he's fighting on the same night but you're reaching
Doesn't matter that much I'd say, as long as it gets mentioned.
Yeah, I fly by code reviews and leave a flaming assault of comments, but I'm not a cargo plane, I don't any heavy lifting.
I expect nothing else
Hey, if little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live.
Are you Pewdiepie?
IT'S IN THE BIBLE SO IT CAN'T BE WRONG!
Is this from seed or clone?
They look pretty unhappy, I can't understand why someone would choose to be so miserable, living in sin and all.
holy, how do you get to hold a WS trophy?
He dropped an
dead people are funny xDeeee
You don't have a skin, what did you expect?
They moved it to Regular Battle in the last update.
2.96% clearly has a 2 so it cannot be 3%
Oh, I'm sure bottom tier teams in other games are SO much more exciting to watch get stomped at every "major" in CSGO and Dota2, right?
We need a governing body to protect innocent viewers from spoilerific trailers
Safari since iOS 8 (except for the content/ad blocker which was added in iOS 9) actually has supported various extensions): - Content/Ad Blocker - Page translation (including one from Bing) - Page Currency Converter - OneNote or Evernote clip extension - Password Manager (including 1Password using TouchID) - Dropbox - Workflow (where you can do everything from X converting HTML to PDF/Markdown to saving audio/video on YouTube)
YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE YOU'RE CHUMP CHANGE - Jon "Bones" Jones
No that wasn't real socialism!
Hey, who said it's a he?
If only NA wasn't only the USA, clearly no northern country
INVALID.
I just wonder what Flowey's up to.
The same as Klopp by the looks of it!
oh well the Big boys in the Liberal party are in charge now and will be for a lot longer so get used to it workers and enjoy the new 15% GST coming to a town near you, sooner than the NBN.
That only happens if your NANDs are linked.
inb4 everyone gets banned
Have PP enhancing techniques gone too far?
They are too colorful and too detailed to fit with the new MS philosophy of bland, monochromatic design and wasted space
IF the good players got their drops first there would be no one left to carry the bads so they can get their drops and who would want that
And wet!
Reported for believing in God.
Mass Effect agrees on blue ass
I think he means Broken Myth instead of Eve because he's not a noob.
didn't see that also
Right, because people with small kids don't have family in other countries.
Drugs will do that to you.
Aww, I liked that so much!
Well, good thing that cop will get a felony charge for falsifying a report and will be removed from the force immediately!
FoCCR would be easier in english
clearly you just got outplayed, he was much better than you
It is well known that they don't like each other, it's even rumoured that Ronaldo couldn't pronounce Bale's name.. Therefore they didn't hug probably..
nowatimtlknbout
a a a a a a - Gillyweed 2016
He also said we should give them nukes.
It's an opinion based on my worldview and the information I have.
make an account, then you can download it
No, I who knows how many years and upgrades I've never opened the case.
So you're gonna take him back, right?
I assume she is too smart to go down with this sinking ship
*hay
Yuck, it's [CURRENT YEAR]!
Yeah being thin and unattractive sounds like it'll work.
Yes, let's have a line of amiibo that are functionally identical to the original line but have a slightly different pose
true but i think overexaggerate there bro
I feel like Edmonton is that guy who walks up with a 36 handicap (largest allowed) and proceeds to 5 putt each hole and still comes in last
That's what people said about Peyton, too.
Guess not!
My mom's 5c runs 9 great, although she'd never use this feature.
To maintain the stability of parties that make up American Politics.
Reviewwwwwwwwwwwww
JavaScript framework
I bought Leprechaun 1993 Great film to watch high..
Calm your waffle tits
In the livestream Erin said that the Vanguard would be flight ready for 2.0.
9 players seems like good odds to me
So should they have their vote taken away?
I'm just stating facts and pointing out that rules are rules.
Yeah it's John Kerry all over again
dude its ur pc and isp there is nothing to fix
obvious smokescreen so eagles can select him 2nd ovr
Kills the deal!
You're lying, no 1 has ever received a ban for one game of flaming, unless it's pretty serious
Imagine my surprise!
Uhhh you aren't aware jet engines rely on faith?
Shut up and vote for Hillary you lousy peon.
Yeah, I thought about that .... My quick internal justification was that the others are listed by game, and that The Giant is not part of the base game.
This makes me very happy.
omg David Tennant as Kilgrave would be so good!
Yea you're absolutely right, if she was choking a kid or another human on stream i don't think people would care at all.
That doesn't seem fake at all.
It's ok because they are *micro*-transactions.
Breaking: woman is responsible for husband's behavior
This is somehow zoning's fault.
He must have a lot of fun though.
The best part is, we all know that bitch has no idea what a retention holster is... But shes from england, so shes partially trained.
i got my masters degree in english and started work as an english teacher at a middle school
Yes of course we should ignore parts of the country's history because someone today feels offended by a dead man
No
sex
Yes they are horrible to ask their child to sleep in their own bed instead of on the couch.
We're not on the air.
Well he obviously wasn't wearing body armor if he was shot dead
Conveniently left out: The sacking of the then-christian city of Constantinople by bored, also christian Crusaders
Police shouldn't have shot him, they should have stayed an arms length and given him time to assimilate.
Quick someone make a trash compactor joke
They ruin ethnic communities, with their white skin and unkempt beards.
What if the direction is being a lonely edgelord who likes to rant on the internet while eating dewritos?
Breathtaking indeed.
y yo que entre a leer los comentarios...
Get some interesting spices
Yep the next terrorist could come in disguised as a 93 year old Christian woman from Australia, better to just stop everyone from moving if you ask me
That's because it was clearly staged, just like all of PRIDE's fights.
They were both upstanding citizens
lol at Ozil playing in a midfield 3.
Seems like his guess is very well educated.
Glad to see they aren't selling a CLG icon this year...
I only use the guns Ali a says are good.
Maybe if you wore the proper gear your hands wouldn't get cold squid
slutshaming shitlords itt
So glad Clemson comes back on the schedule
Coutwit, Coutplay, Cout-last?
That must be why Apple is in such financial difficulties then.
Yeah, it looks totally unreal
Just hack the server and change the time there
Don't forget that the flavouring CHEMICALS that are used are 100% diacetyl
Yes.
Butyou totally need a stocks app more than you need a calculator!
revealing too much face will reveal the ugly...clearly...
I to don't see it.
But don't worry, guns are safe people.
No, there's a 12 plugin minimum.
Well he is a professional wrestler so yeah, not an amateur.
OP should brace for hate for using NVidia and their bad business practises even though companies are allowed to have their own technologies
They are not Vox or Salon..
Marry me
Hey dont forget Kourtney
Easy, you simply don't matter, you fucking peasant!
here you missed this:
Please either edit out or remove completely the part of your comment infringing the content created by FineBros.
No,because,men are expenable meat bags.
exact, nu o sa mai fii vazut cool.
Good
It's horrible these men have to worry about someone hurting them without their consent, it must be such a terrible experience :(
Nah bro, that's not JDM
Close app, then start the game again, only takes like 20 sec
but nick it wouldn't be NA esl if damn aussies are in it
And fucking amazing.
Toronto is going to be happy about it
Yeah because gay is a fucking bad thing to be E:
Banned!
It's ok though because Australia is in Europe.
Who knew that exorcism wasn't an effective way to eliminate the state's deficit?
I'm glad he did it so early in his presidency...
It's a fat girl, obviously it's sad.
Well.. He does have napalm in his username
Like, everybody knows women hate rock
I'm so sad that I decided to play video games instead of watching this mess.
u gon' die.
But if by chance some super hot girl doesn't fall in love with my shitty banter she's obviously a dimwitted peasant cunt.
Maar wij hebbben Jesse!
Meanwhile, Hillary is the pandering candidate, right?
haha have you seen the awesome job Trion did with archeage and their bots?
There's a difference between gays and f*****s. It's not my business what you do in the bedroom but don't shove it in my face.
Go away
That's probably because your an absolute moron and wrong just like everybody except for him
Thank you.
More like "common-sense"
you forgot the
Yeah, he probably got to be an incredibly successful property developer by shitting on everyone.
Is the Vatican's wall stopping Mexicans though?
Shocker.
Net against the boards
Everyone knows that Bernie supporters have such low energy because they spend all day thinking
I've never seen such a legit news site.
So does CoD, wow all games are basically the same!
I'm sure he's just warning the good people of Nevada about the Judo-Bolshevik conspiracy.
Bang-up researching and reporting there Stranger.
I am proud to announce that season 3 has been canceled due to lack of funds
Come on OP, you should know your place, and btw cheating is perfectly okay (if you're a guy).
He's level 50 and hasn't worked it out yet :)
Sure, Obama hasn't used his position to push national gun control at all.
No way dawg, you can run over them after you're done exploiting them to fully realize and complete the symbolism of how disposable they truly are!
But getting someone fired over not getting your $5 online only coupon redeemed in store is totally reasonable.
yeah bc no criminal ever had a job before.
Then the sub isn't doing is job!
Well, all gays and Muslims are liberal.
No, we need even more "College Liberal" DAE TRUMP memes, as well as more Kermit Bernie-wrecks-Hillary ones.
Just take your Potassium Iodide (KI) pills when they tell you to, you'll be fine.
School Days is obviously a slice of life anime based on your years at school.
Game at top is influenced by Uncharted right?
OMG I LOVE THIS TWEAK
How did you look up a professors salary?
How do you deal with the stomach pains?
But can you use them in self defense?
Hey, if we just enslave them, the unemployment rate for them will be 0%.
The Islamic State?
Dude spoiler.
Then I have no clue what you are talking about, I have not seen an ingame message since the day I logged in prior to purchasing the adventure.
Shocker
cry because midterm, then cry cause fallout 4
Please say you forgot the
He's just another Uncle Tom
I believe that's called a fetish once you get to that age
Yeah I know, the crime rate is at its lowest in over 40 years, wtf it's a nation of pansies out there.
Racist.
Imagine if you got a 404. that or the entire page will just be a "plz donate" button.
Hey, who let the sketchy person in here.
How else could one be racist?
Nah mate, we've got Eder now
lomography was sooooo 2011.
Yes, he's balanced so he has +40 on attack, defense, and speed, but no special effects.
Rip my inbox
Adolf Hitler was a white male Benito Mussolini was a white male Josef Mengele was a white male Nero was a white male Leopold II was a white male Ivan the Terrible was a white male Jeffrey Dahmer was a white male Ted Bundy was a white male Ed Gein was a white male Charles Manson was a white male That's all the most evil people I can think of, guess we know who the real terrorists are!
But those were good hardworking Americans, not those filthy terrorists.
Gotta love the $600 invictas that are never not 95% off
Do you know what you're going to name him?
Goes to show how ignorant and out of touch NATO are!
yeah, because the are so much better now.
Are trying to suggest the Malthouse-Buckley transition wasn't smooth?
obviously a kid, the kid even drew a dreamworks eyebrow on a pixar character, such an amateur
Nah, they do it in the name of Allah, so you know, all good.
I'm not sure how you don't think a KotakuInAction subscriber posted this video with some sort of agenda behind it
Ah yes, the Eastern Asian branch...
You're a traitor to your people and we will never align ourselves with you
Such a title that just makes you want to open that article and get informed....
Nah, they'll likely switch to Dota
ver
just like the tarantula he stalks
Your joke was garbage by the way.
Talking about AMD as the budget option bro.
Translation: We don't have the money for it, but we don't want you to forget that we stole Crimea.
You can turn them off in the settings, they clearly aren't that annoying if you didn't look through the fucking options or play draft pick.
Should have strapped some tannerite to the wall and shot it XD
I HEAR BICKELL IS LOOKING FOR A TOP 6 ROLE AGAIN.
!Remindme 1 day
yeah saying you didn't read the cell phone info cause you didn't care is certainly hellacious fighting....o
I think it should be said that this tweet was 100% real
HyperShadows1 315 Warlock 10+ clears with malic and spindle.
Why embracing crushing depression, of course!
Yeh use google photos to backup all your photos for free and unlimited storage
Proof flyer fans are illiterate.
You can't guarantee that.
I'll be your friend.... Hey buddy, any way you can lone be a few bucks?
Don't for one second think Indiana and logic are capable of existing together
Pillar
People also kept thinking that this wouldn't happen if Riot hadn't region locked the VoiceActing and then give ambiguous precedents over whether changing voice files is considered a bannable offense or not.
Birds have rights too
I'm not sure how you feel about advanced metrics, but your argument is quite valid: Cal: 95.5 WAR Chipper: 85.0 WAR Jeter: 71.8 WAR Mariano: 56.6 WAR
this Guy J album is fucking great
I don't know but is ol' Granpap Hef?
Just like the English Ivy in my garden.
Thats a ridiculous assumption.
I guess, now I know why Chris Christie dropped out!
Uncle Frank showed me SEXUAL INTERCOURSE
Pssh bet he doesn't even skate
I'm sad I didn't get the link you sent the others...
I'd believe it.
Being Eastern Orthodox, so many Protestant denominations grind my gears for so many reasons.
I had a a way better imagination back then
Least you have a cinema friend now... Unlike poor Nicole Kidman.
WhyNotBoth.png
Make them use a non admin account and viruses shouldn't be an issue if its 8.1 or 10.
To be honest I have no clue, I just tried to make the weirdest comp possible.
sick burn
good point though ESPN also makes another point: The incoming Raiders will be the best offense the Titans have faced this season in regards to points per drive.
You sound like you need a hug.
no
Then why are they saying "our movie is finally out?"
Too bad I didn't save the clip of my hitting a Hiko in-human reaction one tap on Mirage months ago :/
TRIGGER WARNING: sanity
They had no real reason to bully him, they just wanted him to leave because they didn't like how he looked.
no
Sounds like it's for both.
Obesity doesn't mean unhealthy shitlord!
Somehow I really don't think Kanye will be attempting to establish a dictatorship of the proletariat, as much as I'd like that to be the case.
RIP Fish
Yes, yes it is.
I must've missed the
I think there's potential for the Atlantic, they don't really get pro teams out there and there wouldn't be as much compition
I'm offended when the American flag is the backdrop for a racist or bigoted meme about Muslims or other groups, not the flag of the country I live in.
It sounds like you've never had good sex and/or selfish partners that only saw to their own needs
Oh looks like that circlejerk is still alive and well
Needs Avengers theme music.
THANK GABEN
Yes, because he totally has the power to do this.
And startups that have "unique" names where a dotcom isn't available
Lawsuits by people attacked by the "protesters"
Just like WoW gold farmers...
Does Trump really need to be asked to disavow the KKK every single day?
Well...his base worked...
Uh
You are a fucking liar.
Btw moron ... since when was 700+ more than 800+... are you using that progessive math ?
could also put hen1 in there, but haven't seen much from him other than kato
You are a doll if you truly believe this
that is just shy of 600k crystals to get it from 99 to 299 but "only" 185k to get it to 199 - and that is about 1 day of farming crystals with this double weekend :) but yeah, getting it to 299 isn't really where I want to spend my crystals atm.
ps4
Then you are probably one of the assholes.
ayy bb how u doin can i hav ur numba
can you explain what that is exactly?
I'm kinda scared that it is going to be late may :(
I'm afraid to say, but the placement of the beer terrifies me.
I feel like she would act like Reality from South Park
It's not refugees, it's Muslims and their pedo warmongering prophet
actually telefrags are easy... and that means she just cleaned-up the fight similarly to illi getting all the kills once you try to back off from lost fight... what i've got respect for is LM T-bagging a back-line squishy from flank with mirror-ball-seeker combo, as this is not as easy to hit as point and click tele on someone already dead... what I hate is that there are so many LM topping useless damage while not actually contributing much to team-fight until it's already won...
He easily caught up though,
might actually let bridge be a good card in modern too...
and yet the friendzone is not a real thing and is just man-babies that feel entitled to women's bodies
Oh yes because they're stopped now.
Why
It's gonna be great
Jordan Reed for TE, paired up with L Green (if he can slip to the later rounds) or D Walker.
Thats a cheap bug you can take advantage of, pops you up from the position under the stairs.
Sure as hell hope so
Thanks, I didn't really intend to flush out the aliens since the focus is more on the human crew being amazing.
that would be amazing, I hope you're right
sonya
Honestly, I'm thinking something more along the lines of Carmageddon in tone and style.
with meteos out of the LCS and if rush doesn't stay in NA i wonder who is going to get voted in
I use the extra pockets to carry a shitload of condoms for all the times I get laid while wearing my cargo shorts
Music.
If you're trying to win, you don't understand marriage.
You make me fucking sick... We don't need your kind here..
Yeah, just clarifying that there isn't any super special handling behind it, it's just if your interests/feelings line up, same as with all the questions.
Mines an '09 4 door Sebring, seems pretty comparable to a Prius.
Replays is the AR Slayer/Anchor for the team
Aren't those all proportional states (which is probably even worse for Bernie than if they were WTA)?
Free
Because ladies are weak and inferior, so being referred to as a lady when you are a man is bad.
Right now, they're *ALL* letting Israel basically get away with anything - that's the problem - *that* needs to stop - AIPAC is nothing but a bunch of spoiled lobbyist dicks (and Netanyahu) , and because of religious reasons we won't go into for time, seem to get their way - but they can keep doing what they are doing for just so long before everybody else (even their own citizens) get tired of it.
Petite build, but not underweight.
We were in centre but quite high up, it did seem majority of people just came for the night for something to do!
Well, the name doesn't lie...
What is the URL of the Kodi site that you went to?
I knew I recognized this dude when I saw him on Zoolander 2.
Haha, yeah I'm such an asshole I guess....
It already sort of does.
Cupid.
Or "choosing different options in comet event now has different consequences in the future"
full suit wanker
If TCU doesn't cheap shot Mayfield, Oklahoma wins by 40+
Tolobon
Right this really is something a group of students should decide, students that won't even be there for the majority of the time the stadium and its costs impact the university.
Nope
drugs
You were gifted a second chance by the Gods of Luck, and squandered it again.
Forgot the
It makes sense, but the way Bulwark is now makes it broken.
just like he led his team to the third place at TI4?
I actually like Ohio State.
blueberries
Ironically America actually did that to Mexico in Texas.
Agents of SHIELD suggests that in the MCU Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch may actually be Inhumans.
lol "in crime"
Dont forget Giovinco
Well no sht im going to target ban a mid shaco
doing the Master Marksman was so fucking annoying (50 headshot kills with the crossbow).
I heard one guy couldn't make it past 20 minutes because he was so uncomfortable
All of the above.
You can always bang her or blackmail her
It's a video game
I don't watch to see people cheat others out of a potential win.
I'm sure making the goalie pads smaller will help
He puts the "beta" in beta-Carotene
Yes, that's exactly what I would call 9/11 too Dear god I seriously hope this isn't needed but
BioShock Infinite you are actually the escort since you're the one that keeps getting killed and running out of ammo.
That's reality?
Can you really not comprehend the reason or are you just an asshole?
Totally agree, that's what make the DZ exciting.
What prompted you too buy an armored truck of all things?
Privileged.
As much as you don't want to admit it, these people *are* liberals, and Democrats are catering to them.
You consider an unsolicited email a "barrage"?
Hey miner, doesn't it get old beating the i hate Danica drum?
I assumed Jelsey wouldn't save him for some reason.
Please don't be so quick to judge all those young single men who are pretending to be teenage refugees trying to come to the uk so they can be scientists and lawyers
I See Stars, BMTH, Pierce the Veil, Falling In Reverse, We Came As Romans, Asking Alexandria, etc.
If this was true I'm sure WB/DC wouldn't allow Supergirl to do a similar idea.
I moved back in with my parents, so no elec or rent.
you forgot
Remake?
If you must build inside the container(it's not necessarily bad, also great for development) I have a bash script that runs, and instead of using go get, I just use git clone in order to get the repo I'm looking for and even git checkout to get to a particular branch or commit.
Take away his source of income, which is RMTed isk.
Oh wow I didn't even think about that, I wonder if our goalie was like "eh I don't feel like stopping this shot"
Except the ghost of Renly at Blackwater!
Yeah, we totally see mass shootings every day over here in europe
depends on your definition of 'near' :)
I think the priority thing got removed in the latest Core version.
Yeah, my TIL doesn't come across very well in text.
A third and they retained 50% apparently.
Thanks Obama!
This.
You got to work on your tone Bernie
Sad and true :(
It only alphabetizes every few hours - you're probably at the bottom still.
I live near Detroit and I definitely call all Canadians southerners.
That's called getting outplayed, clearly you didn't memorize his patterns well enough
MAKE ME A BETTER ONE THEN ;)
Jail.
Neat.
Mods...can we ban this poster?
Yeah, then we bubble-beam factoids from reddit IRL.
dat HANGTIME
There's just so many number changes on the PBE I can't tell what they're doing to him, or if it's a nerf or a buff
That is what I'm going to use unless my old military drivers license is acceptable.
Spoken from the heart, eh ;) ~relevantusername
Hanz and Franz
Wow, just makes me want to drop my panties.
Now I bet that took some serious effort.
Stannis the Mannis Lucilles Negan!
Finally my feet get some revenge.
You forgot the
It's not The Coalition's fault that you play with a NES controller.
An art degree.
No man that was Sunday.
It'll be on backwards though, so you still can't see the Mariners logo in the HOF on a player.
Should have gotten a 390.
Yeah fuck regional dialects
He just wasn't talking, didn't have Public on either
Are you saing that the finnish needlessly did override the historical layout of Sweden?
Ah, I see, thanks for clearing that up.
Yessir!
Or kosher!
gotcha well I appreciate your help man shit makes way more sense now.
I'm sure this will play great in NY
Native Americans don't exist, they're just CG or paid actors
Insurance is such a blessing!
Don't worry, no Gungans, only Gungeons.
I thought he'd be a majin buu or yajirobe fan
I think that, in the specific situation OP has envisioned, one would step on their brakes so as to avoid rolling forward into traffic going through the intersection and thus being at high risk of a second, potentially worse collision.
But I thought being overweight was considered attractive back then...
Downvoted for providing that honest answer while being OP of this controversial post!
Laughed so hard at this, thanks!
Just a bad apple clearly.
Those damn scientists have been babbling about acid rain and ozone layer holes and air pollution and all sorts of hoaxes for the past 50 years.
Now they're all going to become autistic
They'll all be in work.
I just wish people would die at a time that is more convenient for me.
Oh yeah, informing someone there is a better way of living is probably one of the worst things someone can do
Weren't most pedophiles molested as a kid, you must be one for defending them
They look similar to Oblivion characters ugliness.
Xanax and Vodka
Of course she would, right after she wins her second presidency and needs a legacy issue to tuck under her belt.
Engine code
And here I am 11 months out of school not working in my field :(
Well then I'm really impressed.
I miss the witty philosoraptor
This sure looks like Kobe always was on stacked teams....
Love the art direction, and this trailer gave me a bit of a Zelda vibe.
Bureaucratic EU regulation
Alcohol makes everything less awkward
dont invader, stay in your world, summon 2 whites, summon red from rss gg you now are a accept pvper in the dark souls 3 community because 2 white phantoms is totally ok because else you would be at a disadvantage
Dammit, have an upvote!
Ethiopia needs birth control, not food.
nah cuz don't you know the ISS isn't real?
Wow, what a catch
To be honest he sounds just like Travis Scott with his verse on freestyle 4
my mom (almost 70) actually liked some pendulum...
She will be trustworthy only if the Republicans do it too.
You seems to forget about Soekarno's Konfrontasi...
remember when this sub was funny?
She owns an ATM?
Forgot your
If only we had given them more money...
what about my pok3r II?
He is not taking questions.
Clearly that's the only alternative
Yeah, its like this guy didn't read the title
Because the longsword in dks2 was garbage, right?
And would you send pictures of the credit card number?
Penis, pronounced like Dennis, is how you say pronounce penis in my language (Czech), so still pretty damn unfortunate.
obvious salty blue jays fan is obvious
Are you canadian?
indeed only mig can flap at balls
Craven.
His molecules got all rearranged
Kobe.
Only if there is a YouTube video explaining it.
Well Trump will not find any material since according to Bernie, his team and the media, Bernie hasn't run a negative attack against Hillary.
soon my friend 1:1 lik model
Actually got some massive hits!
Forgot the
Well, she is a lag after all.
wow, way to ruin a perfectly good skyline.
...guilty as charged
I really like the canyon for Nuke
Yes, we secretly meet in JNU where I get my training!
LOOK IT'S EYE TWITCH MAN!
I'd like to see PAEA come back, great play took lots of skill to operate
True genius move to come into a place where something is working well, and change everything.
You could have probably submitted this for a final project in some class.
Where can I buy this gene gun?
How is that any different than Trump and Clinton?
The response matched the quality of your comment..LOL
You forgot to tell us about the meaning of the word "is".
Probably because the criminal is young and attractive so obviously she doesn't deserve this.
Eddie would've done it.
he's my best friend
YOU FILTHY BOURGEOISIE CAPITALIST
Yeah, I can't believe that didn't change it in any episode this season!
I'd sure like to pet that cute little rat snake!
Cheeseburger was more over in the Tokyo Dome than Angle will ever be
Yea, 1000s of people are finally worse off now because of this...
IM JUST WAITING FOR TALIB TO BE OUT SINCE HE ALWAYS GETS HURT WHEN THE TEAM NEEDS HIM MOST
didnt harrison shoot someone?
Maybe we should defund planned parenthood over this.
The earth is only about 5,000 years old actually.
to be honest Shitposting feeds my soul
What if both suns cancel each other out?
Do you think it would be possible to make a post without excessive swearing for literally no reason at all?
He is scared to step into a throw.
Sounds like a great way to bond with your cat
Dude I want that necklace.
I don't think I've ever bought from a concession stand.
But it's ok, he only does it when the cat provokes him.
Listed for us as _Windows 10 Enterprise 2015 LTSB_ on the VLSC.
Are you sure it's not insane?
Young marklar, you are wise beyond your marklar.
Saying Asians commit less crimes as if there's a possible difference between races when all races are 100% the same Although I was
Good on him for standing up to bullshit energy companies ripping everyone off.
lol
Most of them are "moderates".
I dunno, I think that maybe my friend who was raped by a German, and then denigrated by the German police when reporting it, might feel differently about some language groups having a monopoly on being rapist fuckheads.
But he's #FeelinTheBern so he's alright in my book.
the war was just a meme
Oh my, TB once again making some poor soul cry by sending his fanbase at his twitch channel
you must be quite the joy to know in reality.
But they're still soft sisters
freeze mage midrange hunter
Damn OSHA sucking all the joy out of the workplace
More reason to shut out the rest of the world if they're that *explicative* liberal.
Sure, I will work on it as soon as I finished writing the Wii U emulator for the Atari 2600.
Just accept your false accusations of being a pedophile.
except it doesn't work, it only costs money and fucks up the middle east because we Westerners think we know what's best for the people there.
Which one?
*Sigh* another brainwashed simpleton
I think you're referring to S. Chinderpool, which is certainly not Chanderpaul at all
He's openly racist and sexist and insults people, so he can't be part of the establishment!
Got to add
Never knew their was a Victorious Nidalee skin
Sure, because the previous council members did not do anything at all for the community.
Why would they name a cartridge 22 lotsa recoil if there is no recoil, unless they named it on opposite day
Skyrim - Mel Gibson
It seems like that would make stuff more likely to rupture?
Why can't they eat chicken and cow like normal people
Yes, it makes great sense to punish the dog for its owner's failings.
Inevitably, there will be suspensions and firings aplenty.
Drop in the bucket.
Having a vagina is such an insult!
Stop perpetuating the sexism of the patriarchy!
i loved the post, but its really shity to not acknowledge its an x-post, give credit to the person who made the oc or link to the original post in the comments (or something to that effect).
runecrafting anything above airs
Honest question: Is Larry David one of those guys Reddit won't allow to be criticized or disliked?
I guess he's alright.
They will end up splitting the delegates evenly.
would be a real shame if consular support was unable to provide assistance!
Yeah, feels like I've been digging out of snowdrifts for months!
Haven't seen this one before
...but if you want any information that would help you make that choice, or methods of avoiding conception then fuck you, you fucking degenerate slut.
tipico hincha de riber, se cree pistola y es terrible bala
That is offensive too Ask
I remember reading in the Constitution that refusing to drop a knife was an automatic death sentence by FOP firing squad.
Bonus points for racism
videos like this are why our scene isn't growing.
That's a good answer
I'm afraid he did ask... :(
Oh wow, I really hope this doesn't fuel the xenophobia...
Those instalocking battleships really mess you up dont they
Obviously you do not gain a huge amount of experience from the minigame, and you clearly do it out of fun, rather than for the non-existant benefits.
She's white so she must be racist!
My step-father.
Because that was a huge success in Iraq and Afghanistan!
The fever dreams of an affluenza sufferer.
Uh oh, looks like we got an Obama boy over here!
But 120fps 1440p
Don't forget Die Hard went from favorite franchise to wtf happen.
If only they had one with "MD/PhD"
Someone break this guy's legs and poke him in the eyes!
It's probably already been a month since his last one.
Yeah, but he was quoting Kahlil Gibran in that's line.
Lol she is the " strong inderpendant country bumpkin" she can do no wrong
Ah, but it has Felciity in it, so of course it *has* to be terrible...
Yes, because your comfort when travelling is waaaaay more important than the sovereignty of a nation
PETS AND ANIMALS DOE.
I've been a martial artist for many lifetimes Lost my shit
Yeah because there has never just been a badly designed house or unnecessary dividing walls before
That's why you stab them once you pull them out of the water and say it was self defense.
Wow, this is an issue that hasn't been brought up before.....
Typical SA excuse get real like us NA players
Hey guys, am I the only one who remembers this gem
Yeah because Rihanna can't sing for shit
Sounds like Battle Isle.
There is nothing like celebrating the ressurection of Jesus Christ with a nice Poro Rider Sejuani skin purchase.
Cleary the chickens are going to get autism.
But she didn't know she was going to run until a few months ago!
ruby was p trash tier tbh =/
Joy
Not to mention when you talent into two storms in a row, then it's just telegraphed and people avoid it real easy
Beards add at least 30 years.
you forgot
Those things are all exactly the same.
you must be Faker
Because being right about Iraq twice is a terrible record
They had a rap battle between Bo Dallas and Flo Rida not long ago
Neither [I don't talk to people nearly enough to ever even attempt it]
Didn't you read the comment above, the homeless should be responsible for taking care of the shelters!
Clairty*
it's someone else's problem said every country they attempt to enter.
os homens podem ser feios pra nos sentirmos representados, mas quem quer incluir uma mulher feia na vida?
Nah dude, it was totally a pre existing condition he didn't know about.
Leo got one they don't count anymore
Fox News is doing a damn good job at that
Evening the score is always a good jumping off point for rebuilding a relationship
Jeb can fix it!
Yea fuck him, literally deserves to die.
Everyone knows he is a paid shill of Valve.
lol for you forgot your
Yeah, I mean I wish Sony would through a bone to their loyal Xbox customers.
SELF PROMOTION WOOO
You present a good argument without needless insult or false dilemma.
nice lower quality x-post
But dat widowmaker skin
Yea because moving and shooting at the same time doesn't yield high skill battles in SC2
What a dirty player!
Show me proof for your claim
America...
She broke like ... every single vertebrae !
That's a really good rebuttal, I can totally understand why Bernie won't win now!
That must be great for business.
Well yeah but only for privileged people, and fuck those people am I right?
This is why you shouldn't have friends.
There's a neutral question.
Have you considered dictating your response into a text to speech program and copy pasting it rather than typing it?
They don't *look* like Africanized bees to me.
Ay papa.
And not at all because of all the "moderate" Muslims that were seen celebrating the 9/11 attacks
So bomb them?
You're right, probably just a coincidence.
Thank you for explaining the joke, I was lost there for a bit.
Yeah the 12 y/o CS fanboys are much better
I'm wondering too because I know there's one in long beach and it's not like it's hidden or anything.
Who knew that rubbing sausages on your genitals prevented pregnancy?
Because we allow them to exist.
Yeah, it's not like you could expect UW-Madison students to behave like responsible adults - that's just asking too much.
But you'll die from smoking cigarettes anyway the cop is just shortening the time it takes to kill you.
I agree.
Shield works wonders, for some.
Yeah, let's get all worked up over a petty decision op made 2 years ago.
orchestrate coups, start wars and ignore palestinians, what a great track record
Are they planning on showing the world that they know how to throw a concert?
He doesn't get crit, or that his father was Lewyn or Azel?
His career ended when he tried to wax the floors at the Berrics and they kicked him out
Shhh, the kind that happens to you doesn't matter
Yeah, the Patriots pick last almost every year, and man they suck.
yeah but only supes can have x-ray vision and dark hair so it has to be him
Being rescued is apparently an important part of the story
Andrew supports suicide.
yea I can already see all the afk hunter going on in rs3
That's a personal question
Is that why Dr House has a limp?
Stop reminding me the season is over, it's just cruel.
isnt she rich enough to have an assistant do that kind of stuff?
1.05556 fathoms
I'd swap places with Chris Rock.
To be fair, it does have the most refined gameplay.
Not saying OP did this, but a lot of people downvote new posts so they don't get exposure (can do a lot to a post if done in the first few minutes) and then repost a few days later for that sweet karma
Spinning.
You should be able to easily land a 4pack of SoS I'd think.
What a funny story, Mark!
500MB isn't anywhere near enough for a night of stalking.
Big Ben giving Antonio Brown a run for his money for that Grammy.
I don't think Kaneki is going to fight Ayato, there is no way he would do nothing to save Hinami.
Ember?
What killed him IMHO was his plan to build a wall along the Canada US border...
Same here
Montana?
Amen
Seriously, though, you are an amazing cook.
Cartman isn't fat enough!
Do you make your own IV bags, or use work ones?
OBJ
Kayle can do it.
In all 50 states!
For 1 month...
I wish I could share your optimism.
Well I'm not switching
Great video, I'm pumped to see Jones fight again!
AM1 LIBERTY
You cite some excellent sources on low-income Americans and their job preferences.
Too bad they aren't as good at not bricking the OS.
So they should fuck off back to their original countries.
or use a paperclip and a small flathead or you know lockpicks
Did your favorite teams win today?
Bernsters will complain that Trump supporters have too much, while the Bernie supporters themselves do not put in any effort to work.
Meditation, affirmations, vision boards, cognitive behavioral theratpy, self-help books, motivational speakers, or even just praying even if you don't believe in it because it has mundane effects that mirror something like meditation.
You, "But why male models?"
Where does one sign up for the anti-Ericsson circlejerk?
I'm in no way affiliated, just taught the video was cool.
Hes actually beating her among latinos and arizona has way more of them than black people.
It's your fault!
Fine, we will do the Nats a favor.
kids could you lighten up a little?
30 for 30 for 30 for 30.
Only in the US would declaring that a "balanced approach" is required with respect to ending the conflict and perhaps overstating a death toll be considered "coming out strongly against Israel".
I guess but it needs to be clearer still by either not being able to or a warning that says if you keep reviving you may lose the round
Edmonton and Ottawa are just too obscure apparently.
It's literally why!
Well, you can get a cheapo make, or a Range Rover, so.... way too vague of a question.
YUUUUUUGE
Because of God, Duh...
Fidelity investment firms cash account cards now work with AP too.
When fnatic loses, it's because they were tired, when TSM loses, it's because they fucking suck and everyone who likes them is a delusional fanboy
just because you say random shit all the time doesn't make you 'real'
having no case mean better cooling
was it in a game?
gloves can rip, you don't wana contaminate your patient cuz u got dirty hands, also gloves don't get sweaty so you don't lose grip on things.
Legere has gone against people abusing unlimited data by bypassing tethering limits, that's the home broadband replacement they DON'T want.
I dunno, Miami's new stadium would look nice with a multi-colored robotic fish that lights up every time they score a goal.
I'm going to masturbate while thinking about this interview later!
Iwo Jima from BF1942 is my favorite online map of all time.
I'd like to have them over.... for dinner.
so tell him.
That and the 416 is sexier, which is an entire factor of its own.
And one of the (seemingly) most normal people to be on the bachelor
No Asian servers because of Jagex's attempt to stop botting, duh.
Views
Look fake.
Matter if you don't have the physique and you are good at it.
A QB and a team name.
Wow
agnostic also, can confirm, god with lower case g.
Yeah that works too.
Bad Blood -Taylor Swift
How is the reception?
Giggled because the immaturity of my brain realised that a dog fort sign would say "no bitches allowed".
Greek yogurt, cocoa powder, mio, cinnamon, peanut butter.
First Class did fine after X3, it the movie is great people will watch it when it comes to Comic book movies.
Alternative interpretation... The high socioeconomic status men can afford to hire a big titty prostitute to motorboat while they prefer their itty bitty titty wives to be able to fit into designer dresses like a coat hanger.
Here I am thinking they're going to suggest the husband has PTSD, or suffers from bipolar or something constructive for mental health... Nope, typical misogynistic crap.
Season 12: Sandbox mode for Lvl 1-5 only
They're going to ping the shit out of his website
I've only been on a hacker server once in my life
It's not really random, these are all in the Jeopardy category "prostate ticklers"
They should take me to the Euros, I've not played much in the prem this year, but trust me if I did, I'd be Messi.
Anohana
from my experience, in my house, most likely, i live with 2 females that go at it like its world war 4
Yeah, because being a billion members strong and spanning the world just isn't universal enough.
clearly the girl is suffering from internalised misandry.
you're going to need chemotherapy too
Star treking - a movie about celebrities hiking Bonus: the wraith of kahning - a con artist named Kahn destroys the life of millions.
Yeah and once tanks don't just counter assassins, buff ADCs so assassins don't just counter them.
lol of course you must be right!
Lmao 7 mill a year for this scrub?
Honestly i think the song is the fucking shit haha
Hey there...
People have opinions i dont support?ayy Its a great live action anime mecha episode.Closest thing to PR or NGE movie we'll get.
Stop spreding your liberal propaganda
You mistook Police Station with Camo/Jail building.
Nah, then it wouldn't be any fun
Hey, that doesn't sound like anything.
I thought she was going to sing the original, which would be substantially less cringey, but she had to go and scream the 4kids dub....who even likes the 4kids dub unironically?
That's a better way to recruit people, rather than just pay them better wages or offer better benefits.
Never said he didnt.
Its all good, hopefully it'll kick in soon
Haha maybe this
You forgot the
I can assure you, i specifically designed those birth control pills to not work on 160 lbs+ people, simply because i just love it when you procreate
Nah, Flash would just run faster and win
yes, give him all the monies
that all has nothing to do with his plan to break up the banks
For real.
Antenna is good to.
Hail Santa
Wait I did?
Thank god for helicopter parents.
I'm in Ohio, it got defunded here... but by all means, vote for Kasich!
Perhaps she thinks Hillary supporters are calling from ancient Rome.
Tourettes guy as footstep sounds.
This is why America was born.
It's going to be funny when the Braves are begging to come back to Atlanta
Do you have any statistical evidence that the New Years rapes are statistical anomalies?
and cheat-free
Argentina?
Calm down 4chan
That was an interesting power play unit.
Lol this looks like a thorin vid
thunder can't stop war
Nothing, pretty bland interview overall.
oh yah uh-huh, blame the victim
I don't have a particular VOD, but he often talks about how entrying is something he couldn't do because it requires constant firing and pre aim, while moving forward at the same time, and he see's himself as a more passive angle holder than can choose his aim duels rather than force them.
So original
Oh, come on....everyone who has played KSP knows that the most fun is when you've spent hours perfecting a ship desigh only to have it explode on launch....or make it up 3000m only to flip a 180 and crash into the VAB....
My condolences to your wife.
That's because from the brethren's view, only Utah matters.
I must be bill then?
No one's mentioned the SOAD reference in the title?
cracking just about any joint in my body
The Knicks nearly making the playoffs
Yeah but that Sobe ice rink...
I do agree it's a bit tasteless but I also think it is good they are pushing the envelope here.
45-year old and built like a bowling ball... I like Grigs strategy here
I think the most appropriate response would be: "Hueek, cruootttt!!"
Still king.
Stopping between floors doesn't sound like a good thing.
is this reality?
Gang Beast is not release yet but you should keep that in mind
are these elgifs mostly from grinding the dungeon or the summon promotions?
Well that clears it all up!
That punk isn't even the best hitter on his team.
Yea beating G2 twice to get out the groups really isnt a feat they should be proud of...
Beat the Cavs pls
The Blazers have had an amazing second half of the season, this really isn't a terrible loss for the Heat at all
I love this comment because when I first heard "little lion man" in 2010 I said "British Avett Brothers" to describe them to a friend.
Damn earthshaker getting buffed again.
In che lingua si saranno parlati?
I feel sad for the child :(
Give me a quesarito
Don't complain about your tracking issues.
I thought he got AIDS?
Hey man, sometimes I need expert advice.
I don't quite understand, are you saying you make the natural easier to wall but requiring less buildings and perhaps making the 3rd closer or easier to defend?
Fuuuuuck the comiiiiish
Obviously minecraft
I always knew the scores before hand anyway so it was never an issue but I can see how this would be annoying.
Yeah fuck that guy!
I call it jousting
25, and it's only ONE reactor.
why do you people always have to drag the spouse into it?
Its definitely worse than the Love Guru.
Because neither countries have the resources to participate in either thing but yet if they went out of their way to compete then hypothetically they could
I don't want Obama seeing my dick pics I send out
120 Days of Sodom
Doesn't 90% of the population cling to the coasts either side?
At least you could go watch Greinke pitch.
What about the dank memes?
Gorbachev knew his time was up
I wonder if we can convince Sweeney to give up Rask for our late first.
PALESTINE HAS NEVER EXISTED YOU FUCKING UN HAMAS SHILL
I always have that fantasy, then i went on a realy long backpacking trip and I quickly realized it would be hard as hell to live alone in the woods.
Yeah I am more pointing out that someone knew this "new easter egg" 8 months ago and everyone is falling over each other to pat this guy on the back when he could very well have viewed that comment and tried to pass it off as his own.
Carabinieri, polizia, arresta il guardalinee!
2 McChickens extra mayo.
*9/11 used Christ* It was not very effective ^^I'm ^^going ^^to ^^hell ^^for ^^this
Nothing wrong with marketing to fans who think about soccer exclusively with their dicks!
you think he'd take a damn picture with Ye if this was true
I thought my original comment was pretty sarcastic... I forgot the
Yeah, I'm sure they faked work absentee lists and rationing orders to look better 3k years later.
I'm gonna make a Unity plugin for awesome grass and call it "Sour Diesel" just to show up all of you downvoters!
Chris Jericho at Roadblock
No one really knows how forge works anymore, it just simply exists, pr's are just thrown at it until they stick.
So an AMD Processor is a ready meal then?
woot, GradeAUnderA
Aren't they a bit young
You don't want to see Paris, you want to see Cherbourg.
Ah, that sounds similar to my shooting method of having basic iron sights and enough rounds to hit the target.
Hes just salty he got rekt by qt.
We're not getting enough of them
new strategy for ranking up confirmed
Well, at least they didn't steal the whole playground to sell it at some junkyard like they do here.
How can we not when they've been in the game since it was created
Yeah, weddings and babies are total chick things with no man involved in any way.
But I've heard about it from some random person on Twitter, so it must be true!
You don't immediately fall asleep after taking MDMA?
Thanks for the insightful article as always salon
Wonder why that is.
And I just missed that other amazing offer!
They were only bad because they didn't have the right pedal!
Stop complaning and learn how to dodge zed's ult
But they have a better app and their poverty wage drivers give me a bottle of water and it's cheaper for me!
It's ok guys she's not a "natural" politician lolol
Did you keep it in the refrigerator because you didn't have anywhere else to store it?
Damn, that must've been some heavy shiz now that I think about it
I don't ever noticed if I'm getting checked out or flirted with... been single since like 9th grade so i just assume I'm an ugly bastard.
They said the same about Hitler.
Should of bought it off steam they don't charge tax honey :)
The whole area they can farm/wait to ambush is 900 units wide!
Sent 'em my way
Friend rekt you, gg wp
Caught in a landslide
But $50 statement credit though
W was a fucking legend.
Let me just aim higher here, so I can hide the awp in the second clip, just so I can prove my point, and hope no one notices Noticed.
Yes, how dare I express my opinion, that clearly makes me an edgelord
I wonder where you're from... Just in case because last time you dense Americans didn't get it:
wrong, he just looks good because his opponents were paid to throw
If only he could do this in an SPL match
since she's worth 85 cents on the dollar it might make good business sense
Yeah, having to make sure your gear is in working condition, not being able to fire ruined rounds, and having to pay attention is definitely anti-fun.
But expressing sadness shows lack of faith in God!
Should we tell them you broken it, and will have a new phone in 2 weeks?
Yeah, I think you guys should just give Greg Olsen to us, because of his bad grade.
I've been using them as shields
OREGON BIAS
After recently directing the State Department to transfer Aid to Israel for the country to use to contribute to her campaign...
Are you white and claiming to be Cherokee
No but if it wasn't for them I'd totally be off centrelink and baking every morning
memes are excellent propaganda tools
Don't forget about their boy group A-jax was it?
People who dont get sarcasm
Of course not, it's in chocolate gold coins!
What do you expect, it's rodgers.
But a laggy gaem can be a masterpiece!
Gracias MUD
Allu wants to continue his 0 titles won streak in 2016 confirmed (another title just as fair imo)
If they're together long enough, the ugly one will look normal compared to the plastic train wreck that awaits aging celebrities.
Gotta have that straight pipe no cat bro
This is the extreme south of the world, that's why all the ice is concentrated here, it slided from all over the world to end at the very bottom of the world because gravity (and magnets).
Says the guy living in his on private reality that only very briefly matches up with what is actually real.
Dragon priest is somewhere between midrange and tempo actually.
Yeah, being fully immersed in your virtual experience with no overlays of my shitty apartment walls and surroundings is defo boring.
Muh freedom
Remember, she earns it by beibg a doctor, nurse, accountant, engineer, astronaut, particle physicist, nuclear technicion, and most importantly, mommy.
GONE SEXUAL!
Just a shame they can't afford them really.
You can always change your mind ;)
Wow, didn't see that coming
Bet the battlers over at the taxi industry are thrilled
I think he's referring to the tank itself.
Nah bro, go Vulcan, no ragrets
But bro he's way over rated and shouldn't be second team all pro
you forgot the
Actually ill take it, but you needa pay postage.
But then patients will start touching nurses with impunity!
Annoying that Supreme Leader Ive put the lighting charging jack in the middle of the screen though.
But he was in Take That!
But Vermont touches New Hampshire so basically he's a native!
Damn I thought it was some type of glitch in the matrix causing all of the upvotes to turn into down votes
Well I would sure hope so!
Since when did Reggie Bush go to USC?
Someone called her YL one too many times, I guess.
Lehigh valley!
Stop applying the gender binary to everyone!
it said "CLOVERFIELD" at the end didn't ya see?
Just keep the coffee coming.
65-75W 0.37 ohms on my tfv4
Damn it AB we were slowly starting to be accepted back into this now you fucked it up
Because good friends rip your hair off.
Real men poop until their legs start to fall asleep.
I like that!
lol
Forget that Greg Jackson is a fucking sport ruiner, ya goof?
The students should of kept them at ARM'S LENGTH
Can't kick a ball to save his life but boy does he try.
Racist bastard
The point is that the gameplay is not focused on being online.
Except for gays right?
Oops, I dropped this:
just raw dog it.
outplayed
Good to know our patience is appreciated.
But everyone on reddit says it's LeBron's fault, and he's literally a cancer.
no it's the dirty brown people tho
Which is a terrible thing for a girl to be.
[OPINION] we need less comments on threads asking for less posts asking for dark matter
Better just cancel and not air the rest of the series then
I'm confident that when you discuss this with your buddies, you'll characterize this as a discussion between an American and yourself, not between a Jew and yourself.
It's stuff like this that keep the WWE Creative team is shaking in their boots!
I'm so edgy, ooh watch out
OP is user brokengroup, not an itslian restaurant.
Should have clarified with a
Yes, this definitely sounds like a humble, mature person.
Please be
Well, the other two are dead so shooting them wouldn't do much.
I want cards from your girls again!
Or dir
UN Human Rights
The heart monitor for her on the left is a good call.
it's okay... I used *67 for the two bomb threats I called in... and after I detonate I'll call again without that feature to establish an alibi
No I am pretty sure it was video games.
Because using drugs makes everything easy...
So, did you fix it?
Love the pics by the way!
Are you implying Syrian refugees are trying to blow up Facebook?
Mattpatt accidentally found out how to save Asriel and didn't realize no one else had.
I could be genetically a lightweight.. *oh I'm so ashamed of something that I have no control over*
b34tL4?
Well I guess as long as it is their artistic vision giving people migraines with a shitty effect then its okay!
Looks like real fun as well as balanced.
Yeah because an alleged touch of a nurse is far more important than two people's lives.
Anarchy in the UK!
And at the Emirates that's not called a protest.
The Middle East has a always had such a peaceful history, damn these super powers for ruining that clean track record!
Yeah that's the part i was confused about
Idk where you're from but it's all the rage to wash, clay, wax and polish your car each time you drive in Wisconsin.
NCwest best publisher ever
No we can't is a winning strategy -
Definitely the time Chile DoW'ed Persia.
Thanks for the advice!
Zven sucks, Niels was 10000000% times better
[first one]
Maybe science is a boring thing, you just have to "spice it up" with attaching cameras, adding lasers, blowing shit up, just to stay awake.
So will poking small holes in it
I hope it makes them feel even more awkward than how awesome you would have gotten to feel if they hadn't stolen it, the jerks.
Did what?
Don't oppress those that identify as thread-kin.
Yeah, don't expose children to other perspectives; that'll teach those guys who don't expose their children to other perspectives.
Please tell me you dropped this:
It's 2016, who needs intelligence agencies?
Yeah interstellar was *sooo gaaay*
Yeah, Kraft's relationship with Goodell totally helped us from getting railroaded by the NFL.
Fish is obviously a vegetable
It's disgustingly racist, in the same way that pictures of Israeli soldiers brutalising Palestinians are "anti-semitic".
VIVE DUCKING SUCKS!
Maybe we shouldn't have laws then.
Siegheil
JS is the new Rails.
Hey now, Thora Birch was in The Pregnancy Pact
You could say the same thing about the last run up past 500.
WE'RE LIVING IN IDIOCRACY, SHEEPLE!
MFS is a reputable vendor and has been around for awhile.
I too only started caring about qualification after I found out the cabinet will be diverse.
Homosexuals can get straight married just like anyone else, so where's the discrimination?
I now hate you.
Must truly be a fantastic role model
Yeah that's because AR15s exist solely to murder people .44 mag was made for sport!
I love das rascist
League also sells characters and we know they are doing horrible in esports and gaming industry.
Try not to be too hard on him, he drank the kool aid through the crazy straw umbilical chord.
14/18
shut your whore mouth
No, it's the War on Christianity, and Barack *Hussein* Obama is leading the charge!
Nice picture of a world class striker and Mark Hunt.
Yeah, it's unfortunate to say the least.
There's two things I hate: People who paint all members of a particular ethnicity with a single brush and white people; both groups are exclusively populated with douchebags.
Nice move
Yep, the Russians never had a problem with terrorists again!
Just like every mass shooting in America right?
Yeah I forgot the
Wow you saying woman are weaker than men, only able to do half the job?
altruism = death!
Don't worry guys, it's all fear mongering and there is nothing to worry about!
Of this...I thought we were all on the same page?
Quantum Entanglement, it's gotta be!
Yeah let's go full Nero and hold gladiatorial games that'll show them!
Manly, not college kid who just learned about alcohol
Can confirm, I am actually excited for winter this year because my heating bills will be lower
He got a visage for dfs, (very rare drop there), unless you forgot
Bad rats.............
How would that help the children?
Patriots fined 5 1st round draft picks and $1m for actions detrimental to the integrity of the league
If you do have any liquid come into direct contact with your penis you're going to want to vigorously massage the area until the juice has evaporate.
Bloody lefties...
PSA all Romans but Silianat banned from Aeon.
I thought that was libertarians
Mingyur is the MAN!
Just because there is evidence that proves he didn't do it doesn't mean he didn't rape the girl.
Good points.
Duct tape all those flying boobs in their right places right ?
That's what you get when you don't vote in the election, you commie!
Sure, just get in a dozen or so street fights, eventually you will learn to fight
Ah yes, because I clearly stated I disliked the free market
Was nice of them to upgrade all the surrounding buildings as well.
Well I suppose I wouldn't put it past blizzard to make it so boots are only obtained by fishing
I'm sure hell get it right in the future.
Fnatic
...because the Libs are the only ones who ever wanted to privatise...
Better get those lunatic conservatives off the bench!
She's old and fat, you aren't missing much...
Yeah, and I stuck a nail in my eye once for lulz too.
seasoned
I prefer Cold Green Eyes scores
Not quite, it was two hits, him hitting her, her hitting the floor :-X
I volunteer as tribute
I own all champions, now what?
1gggggg
What a day it was.
He knew exactly what he was doing.
oh god my brain cells.
That's how I got fat
I like you.
Fuck off.
That's what she said.
I didn't see his name on there, link?
Don't mints have serrated (or at least non smooth) leaf margins?
That still gets me.
Grrrr you guys got me good.
That's why you never see him in the news anymore.
QB: Brady, Rodgers, Rosenbager RB: Peterson, Bell, Forte WR: Brown, Jones, Hopkins.
For sure, but I don't think he could top Vincent D'Onofrio
Clearly because we are a better team than Oregon and Arizona.
Because the powers that be want them in Europe, or else they would not be there in the first place.
**4:**
To be fair, schools give you fuck all when it comes to having an idea of what you want to do.
yay
Mayo is a backup.
Yet Nintendo have specifically let us know that no Metroid title, other than Federation Force is in development...
#***TenFeetHigher***
She was stuck INSIDE the wall tho.
A park with dinosaurs.
Yes but when Google collects these big datas, they're not interested in the niche category of porn you look up on friday nights, they're interested in a trend of online behaviours that help predict disease outbreaks or environmental changes before scientists can.
What's up with the negativity?
My mom likes her toast cold, like she'll wait a minute after it comes out of the toaster.
Okay, this is what we're going to do
People who do this should do it in closed garages for as long as it takes to get the job done.
The "HAMD roadmap" is in full swing I see
You realize your title makes it seem like the fact she mischaracterized it is false, not her characterization...this sub...
It won't blow your mind when you realize they don't take Arena into consideration when creating most cards.
Yeah, people who complain about them "bitching at each other instead of fighting" probably don't even care about the character or franchise, poor they have a short attention span, in which case, may I suggest terminator Genesis?
You been to a caucus before?
threshold to lvl 116 gives the last of it needed
Getting 7 years of training is in itself a privilege.
11713, thanks OP!
You get over it after a few years.
Molotov cocktails, heavy chains, bricks, improvised medieval siege engines..
If you want in that ultimate tier it's all about that meren
I think she should have as many rallies as he does by herself, she's amazing.
You are sure you arent living in Florida and homeless people are invading your homes
I would consider what they're putting together in this film the "first team," while what we saw in First Class was more of a one-off test run and DOFP was makeshift desperation.
Of course, the cartoon had to make fun of Obama shedding tears once again.
Second only to diagnosing strange noises coming from the engine compartment of your car.
He needs to go back to mooching off Kim.
Keep American jobs American!
There are a shit ton of "leaked documents" out there but personally I'm not getting my hopes up about anything until the devs put out a press release.
IMO the only reason they didn't repeat is because KG fucked up his knee.
2
because Bungie's matchmaking is a complete joke
I believe skyfog is the correct modern term, fog near the ground is landcloud.
And I'm sitting here with no food to eat
Fuck y'all who said he couldn't hit the three ball
You just had to say that about the only white person there you racist pig
The faster you approach the speed of light the slower your clock runs.
youll have to convert them on a mac
So this guy was not the norm then?
Say n-zero to trump, guys.
Sure, they are literally Hitler... Q.E.D.
Drone angle incoming
Oh damn, totally snuck that one in!
crazy how nature do dat
*nods*, also wouldnt mind some alter saber, but without the mask \^~^ kawaii
Gosh darn it to heck, I was really looking forward to Spider-man.
Speaking as someone who was falsely accused before, this person can go eat a bag of shit.
I like it when they really open up aswell.
That throwback style is pretty popular there.
will check shipping in next few days!
Wheels are so expensive that I fear my sim racing career may be done once my dfgt goes... sigh
Just don't shoot an empty-netter from your own circle please.
They're probably including in that figure future tax livestock revenue.
Because Sanders hasn't mentioned it.
Europeans.
1991
Does this bore you?
Probably better for r/askscience but I am interested.
Agreed ammo balancing is fucken stupid
Haha, O'Malley actually got 10%+ in some counties in Northern Florida.
Over a month =(
I thought being offended wasn't cool anymore?
They have both slipped through the net once in Eu.
Don't hate the game, hate the dev
But that *NEVER* happens.....
They're right next door to the Ponds Institute with all the people in lab coats.
Well that sounds kind of sexist, so it can't be true, because reddit is ***definitely not*** sexist.
So?
am I the only one who likes Let's Go Sunning from F3?
Exactly how I play in a max.
Because you obviously know what I wank off to.
I have a ton of questions... Probably need to do some more research before I attempt anything
Why Star Citizen?
Did you not read his story where he talked about the man WANTING a family?
Self post Saturday has gotten out of hand.
I think I had problems Friday night, lotta packet loss, but it stopped within an hour.
Remember kids, the only bad Muslims are the terrorists, all the rest of them only want peace, love, and harmony.
Did you ever check the news or weather or anything to see if the situation urgent corresponded to anything that happened that day?
It's 2 in the afternoon...
Bunkered Albanian gets me
Turkce yazinda yabancilar anlamasin.
6k was like old 8k back then so not so bad.
Yes, this wont feed the terrorist ideology at all.
Are you still alive?
sounds like a lovely place...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Yes exactly, that's 100% what I was trying to say.
Yeah, fucking Belgians and their warmongering in the Middle East
So did you say anything to him?
Around christmas
*cough* *cough* - **9** - *cough* *clears throat* **11**!
Correct, and by his own admission those notebooks were filled to the brim with highly classified information, codewords, troop deployments, etc.
well thank you
Looking forward to Hayden, dude has an incredible resume.
Better than broken glass.
It's kinda like if the Turing test and Poe's law had a baby.
Don't judge his sexual preference.
I thought he was going to shove something in it, so somehow this ended better than expected.
Yeah, it worked real well with rabbits...
2016 is the year where they fix all their broken stuff and they had a meeting in Cyprus where everything was ~~solved~~discussed...
8 hz is soo good
Toy Story 3 happened.
I cant believe people think this will bomb, I mean its Ben Affleck.
something something... functional strength.
But American humans are glorified seagulls
Yep, those bountiful 21 points
IMO the Governor had to be alot different, he's just a crazy guy in the comics with no redeemable qualities , and personally I think that makes for bad TV
Good all gootsby always trying to equate shia groups with isis you try really hard pushing ur propaganda.
The question has been asked and answered.
Wtf?
maybe he likes moving screens
He could move to France with their right to forget he should be good
In your opinion which will be better arctic islands or pascal?
Yea, I was really disappointed to see his nerfs especially given he's not that good in conquest anyway.
That ability is not ready yet.
Hearthstone is clearly skill2win, completely unfair for new players.
You forgot Wrath of Khan, better edit.
pls no
Because of GOD
What, In N Out isn't good enough for you?
I'm all for building a wall on our southern border, and making Chesterfield pay for it!
Lets say we have the first overall pick Coyotes offer us 2nd overall, strome and Domi for our pick Do you accept it?
true because major news networks with millions of dollars never use youtube
You can't be fucking serious...
He could go to patriots and have a great season alongside other scrappy, white wide recievers
Steel airplanes can't fly (or melt steel beams)
Just like the SNP faded away
you say that like you lack the ability to just close the door and keep him inside your house.
Too soon
Chicken of the woods.
Yea I feel it, I also think that he has a lot of potential because he is a 6'5" 19 year old PG
...And they're fumbling for their clothes, but I've already seen everything.
A dota 2 player in the csgo area....
Jones is not small, it was just a bad camera angle.
So you're just going to act like the internet can't be used for education or profession?
the boards of Boeing, Lockheed-Martin, &amp; General Dynamics probably
What is the point of the autosave getting deleted when you load when the option to save on exit is there?
Anyone got any info on zoology?
He always knew he was a helicopter
Real war footage obviously, the camera is actually a fly on the wall.
That's what MLG gets for playing metal during downtime
People already hate her and her butt in particular.
Yeah, they're probably all heroin addicts and drunks
Radfems would attack Blizzard's HQ so hard that they would wish to be stormed by ISIS instead.
Australian server, ok guy we get your teammates are loading steam up
Nice try MPD.
They have a lot of good programs and they usually cover the stories in reasonable depth.
If they're white and male it doesn't matter if they survived a concentration camp.
Well yes, but who needs infinity anyway?
Can't think of any other sport, or even situation, where hemispheric patriotism is even a thing.
If you're lucky you might be able to kill another controller user.
Atmosphere Ten Letters
Still pick the wings.
Happy Birthday!
Yes, a parents of a non-autistic child would never complain about a school official **punching** their child.
My Skyrim character Leslie Knope from Parks and Rec JD from Scrubs
Wow, I don't see any difference to women's hockey today judging solely on watching women's world championship, same skill level and all.
Yeah, I joke, but I never mind picking them up to be honest, electronics are a real pain to get at 30.
Bringing the bantz from down under
They've become as useful and old-hat as anonymous.
Great detail
I hate Manjula's characterization in the game - they went all-in with the "shrill harpy wife" version of her character, and continue to even in newer quests like Apu's Fireman quest.
Because fuck you ...
She did pretty well as Joan Jett in The Runaways.
People upvoting this has a good understanding of what happened.
Yea took like a whole bait link and everything, i mean it took ages to get the result back from that.
Glad to see Reddit going towards cosmopolitan for its political articles
Well, it was the healer's fault obviously.
Buy guns before obama takes them all away.
She looked awesome.
And circle gets the square!
What an analysis.
Damn dude... Like, it's the day before my birthday too, &amp; i was just chilling, then gave my self a happy pat on the back while talking with friends over mumble at midnight... Now... Now I found out about this... It can't even be more perfect on how I feel right now.. ;-;
##**I DON'T READ COMICS...I READ GRAPHIC NOVELS** *extends pinky*
Nuketown 24/7 so it might as well be cheating
Sure poverty or other racial issues have nothing to do with that at all.
That way you can starve entire countries like the evil commie u are!
Maybe he did read that and thought you were in dire need of his winning advice because it's unnatural for a lady to not want kids and waste her time studying the evils of psychology
Yeah, fuck Wisconsin!
something involving children
I Bet about a month from now data will show us that Bernie actually won Iower
I really want to give them the benefit of the doubt, but god damn do some of them make it difficult.
I'm sorry, that was too far.
I think All Might will be the traitor.
Goddammit, it's the middle of April and already the Christmas advertising is coming out!
America would suddenly stop gaining weight!
Guillermo del Toro- well at least he was nominated for "Pan's Labyrinth"
Meddler has recently confirmed that MSI will be on 6.8 which went live today.
Did it run out of gas?
Which ones, Lotus Notes and Domino?
Rings don't fill holes.
Ubuntu is free though
Exactly, I guess I should have included the
King James finally managed to beat Iggy
yeah, how dare they fire a teacher for ignoring his job, showing students a biased stupid "comedy" program, and spouting his political views to a classroom!
Dawn woodys mike tyson impression is on point.
Viper needs more boost imo.
Ah yes, but the cast of all these shows hate Katie and thats why she was killed..
And then c'thun decks start running Nozdormu as anti patron tech card
3 data points don't make a trend
I'm positive this guy didn't just hear about Kurusawa because someone told him the new Magnificent Seven remake is a remake of a Kurusoawa movie.
Lol it's funny because americans love guns and gun violence and I'm a holier-than-thou foreigner and you should copy our laws and loooool.
NEVER, You are America's team!
Anybody calling scientists "retards" is certainly worthy of being taken seriously.
Wha oOo oOo OoO!
Try Juz Amma.
It says Sanders still has a chance!
Turkey didn't made it.
Auto retaliate, probably.
Not repeating himself tonight might be a good start
Congratulations now you are part of the no-kid internet crowd that everyone hates.
Boy, I never thought this kind of shit would be the top comment.
If we were in such danger, Correct the Record wouldn't still be spending $1 million on trolling Sanders supporters, desperately trying to make them give up.
Funimation yes, but not so much Toei Animation.
Good thing this has never been asked before
They're learning!
I think OP is a troll who is only here to show off her puns.
Well she had her pants off, she must have been asking for it.
Open carry sure does equivilate to violence.
Not sure if your joking or not
How comfortable is it - would it fuck up your back if you were to ride around for a few hours?
Any advantage they have is for the good of the group!
You forgot the
Now don't come in here with all your logic and technical truthyness bruh
How eles am I suppose to make 1/bill a day
But it sounds cool and progressive to mention that doesn't it?
why would i spend an hour doing it myself if we can have a very expensive specialist work on it for a week instead?
You poop into a vacuum, if I remember correctly.
Hunger Games
But with Majordomo, you can pay the 9 mana on an earlier turn, allowing you to have 10 mana when you turn into Rag.
Wards well used
Uber/lyft are largely financing/leasing operations so this is akin to GM doing business with Hertz or any other rental car company.
inb4 Speeding Bullet to Heaven 2
No, because a permanent debuff that takes nothing but random chance (which you can only try once every 30 seconds) to fix sounds *terrible*, not cool.
I'm sure it's all based on fraudulently adjusted data.
IGNORE ME Preferably at 140 db, 24 hours a day.
There is a template for SNMP but the agent is preferred.
No, because that would corrupt the two-party system that our founding fathers wrote into the Constitution.
While we're at it, let's do away with GPs and use WebMD.
But the CIA was created to look out for the interest of American citizens.
10/10, more immersive than VR.
The complete wiring isn't a lot of work?
you two can work that out, I'm not gonna get in the way.
Christ the SJW.
Thank you for your helpful input.
But he's from Argentina
Given the techies are fine watching the game from their cell phones, might as well move to somewhere people will show up.
Guess I needed a
*Pussypass DENIED* - Gravity
You're missing this
I'm sure that growth hormone has no effect on humans
My dog took a pee on my leg.
It's still early in the season I know... but do you think maybe this kids just not ready for the NHL yet?
Clearly he's cheating on your dog with anouther dog.
Welcome to SEA doto, where any build is viable
You forgot the
At least we have the bandits!
Yeah, me too.
You're implying we are relevant enough
Freelee?
Moral of the story: having a lot of money to spend on stuff you like kills depression.
tuo gnignah htols a tsuj What's not to understand?
Pull the plastic bit out and throw it in the campfire that night, then pull a new one from your pack the next morning.
I should of added
To be fair, so can kids.
According to his fans Button hasn't peaked yet
There's also the [Nopon Monado]
*Lights* *Cigarette*
If zion goes to tsm, I think clg would be officially donezo(unlikely though).
I see you dropped something buddy, here let me get it for you:
Benefit when they win, hindrance when they lose.
Found the diabetic!
Sooo, does this make Poe Dameron a Mary Sue?
ID?
It's the perfect end game mode, because it ends the game for me.
fuck you
Until they announce the permanent voalist, I'd say he will be.
Just use a VPN to access it.
it is so entertaining watching elite drivers struggle for points in crappy cars.
Because patriarchy
He must have dropped this
Amon Goeth's hanging was incredibly wrong.
Whoa, settle down psychopath
If there were no refugees, she wouldn't have to fabricate a rape story.
Its an underhanded insult here too.
Cardinals won the flop and the actual flip.
How can =/= be "not equal to" when everyone knows anything divided by itself is 1?
Well just think about it, how could an American politician possibly do anything bad?
Why do you all go silent in threads at r/oz about economics?
Omg so sweet :3
Yeah, it would be a great sight seeing your train enter the station while you're waiting and it still has some severed limbs and blood sticking on the front...
No Famas, no love.
Thanks, you too!
Game is dying, no one plays it, better stop now, the end times are coming and I've been summoned by the rapture, see you
Can someone explain the giant pro-Sanders bias here?
It's amazing how many times I find myself w/o a can opener in the woods and a patch of concrete appears...
Wow, totally haven't heard this one before...
Yes, this is exactly it!
So, it looks like Todd Howard, if he tweeted that, can only speak for the Bethesda store, not 3rd party retailers, just an FYI.
yeah fuck capitalism!
Yeah homeless people don't deserve a place to wash themselves.
Now they just need to work on the chemistry with the training staff!
Please tell me you forgot your
It should have been more like the second half of Storm of Swords, in fact just make the whole book that good, I mean seams doable why not?
He's just a normal person, we are the ones with mutant eyes that see past 24 fps
Translated from Leetspeak "cool, you noticed it too"... also if it was on purpose wouldn't they have trimmed it down by 0.2mb?
I mean, ALL violent acts happen because the perpetrators played shooters right...
Assuming fans were born the first time
Yes, but WAS IT REGISTERED?
What is tipping?
Clearly using a XIM.
Now he's sucking duck at a street corner in San Francisco.
Thanks for taking our jorbs.
Yes, because Turkish state media is happy to share that he's funding ISIS.
Bring in Petty
I would like the ability to see flusha's hacks too
Depends if it's classified under one year.
162 hmmm...math and cops.
Cool story bro.
Just small abberations.
you dropped this:
I don't think we can capitalize "IS" anymore...
You can wear normal armor under the power armor.
If Per hadn't cost us the game 1 goal would have been enough
you guys are retarded, we can only see 24fps anyways
You're just in the denial phase of the bubble
At least they don't have autism
Yes everyone lay down when you're being treated wrong
Skins sound cool
You totally don't sound like a troll on Reddit based on your history.
I suspect Jimmy Kimmel.
You should try uncapping the framerate and playing "is exiting my mech suit going to toss me to my death?"
Ahh, listen to the happy sound of racism.
ai uitat un
Given all the efforts dotaers have been doing to include more women in the community, he should be able to find one easily!
Less new: Windows professional 95.
I'm now thinking about the 50 fact extravaganza being a Buzzfeed article...
Yea they sure showed inconsistency at this recent major going as far as they did.
BLACK GODS MATTER
Detroit has already experienced fallout
cause they are white and we dont need white, we need multiculturalism
is there any other game?
He'd have to outscore Ronaldo and Messi
But they confirmed that they attacked Paris via a twitter post!
So... get a tattoo of the French flag?
Your username makes me think this is
Raiders started doing well, the League can't have that happening
Shut up you filthy donorcyclist.
Ohh and those Circus Animal cookies.
es decir: **canillita**
You forgot the
But but gingers have no soul....
Europe plz
Yeah, but in their defense, fuck New Zealand.
You forgot the FNAF film, but then again you only said things we would all look *forward to*
he missed the
we really barely have any RBs to choose from
yay more th promos so good
This is nazism
Probably dip
Thats all ball bby
Mort tweeted his leg got amputed, so we're looking good
Except for the autism...
Determined to win that golf tourney this year are we, eh?
Cause muslims love jews
Yeah mang lemme go get his birth certificate
But they've already got our money and will stop development soon like they planned all along.
Everyone must have taken their snowmobile to work
Always turn your resume text into outlines!
You must be a great friend to have
Because you don't deserve fancy things until you're an expert at using them
Yeah, that Hansen guy puts absolutely no effort in, eh?
Even more reason to bring him to the front page!
Is THAT what the pause button is for?
Well Ridley Scott says he's a replicant so...
all I want is **MOOSE DONG**
So how much do they owe you?
Maglights are like Mjolnir: Only the worthy may weild that much power
This is one of the easiest ways paradox can use to create those "personality" empires - ones you know and care about
Number one rule of espionage: deny everything, even if confronted with a paper signed by you, claim it's a forgery.
Curry gets you a ring whenever you need it
Is it a bit odd that when youth protested in the 70s-80s, we'd applaud them for their activism but now when they demonstrate political activism we call them "entitled bitches"?
Bad breath?
You know, I'm not that surprised.
Yes
Anytime I've see this guys videos I wanted to vomit when he says "*I'm baeeeeeeck*!"
Don't get me wrong, you are totally entitled to your opinion and this isn't meant in a negative way, but what were you expecting if I'm allowed to ask?
The Eagles are making very questionable decisions this off season.
Doesn't aren't there NCL lines that just do the Florida + Virgin islands route?
lol
Luckily you don't need root for that anymore.
Here we go Ramsey, here we go, *clap* *clap*.
Yes
TIFU by choosing money over my true love, now he's come back set on destroying our lives.
Eh, IMO Oblivion was way better to figuratively mod.
-gag- Evangelical the people who helped create Trump.
Portuguese are also white.
Sure you can like it for the cosmetics, but that's not why 95% of the people are buying/using it for.
Unless your guitar is made of fish or potatoes you don't have to worry about taxes.
The macro/rotation in that video already uses CZ, so the CP requirement accounts for that, and I think the sequence on the buffs is too tight to take a ToT proc.
The interview with the fucked up girl from the church... Omg, nightmares.
8% is such a majority
Last one was a request but I figured mods can't have more than 2 stickies, and both are important.
I've had this, but I wouldn't say it's something that always happens.
that's because your opinion is wrong
I wouldn't make that assumption.
8====D
That just sounds real painful :0
is that why he got 16-1'd too?
Bioshock Infinite was also really good, I thought, f you feel like playing a follow-up afterwards.
Where are you providing this internet?
Anyone come across the same for men's?
5 is *right out*!
We did it!
i really like chris jones too, lots of great talent should still be available for us at 41
Our electoral system.
bout to watch, bet he says "uhh" in his classic way lmao yep
It's been installing for hours...
If only they could go back to the good old days, where the women didn't think for themselves and only had opinions that were OK with their husbands.
We get it, Bullet King is gone.
Trying to distract from our own corruption... Look over there...
This is why no one reads newspapers anymore
ELI5 pls
wow... this is funny.. hahaha..... ha.. ha.. ha
Glad to see you're still working on this, looking good!
but that's because women use their sinister mind games to trick the hapless men into relinquishing custody, right?
This ideology tastes like garbage!
I was expecting Haitchface.
Yeah fuck political activism!
gildan
Public bathroom, while one of you is using the facilities...
Do they sell paper detector detector aisle detectors at Target?
This is scary...
No better place to do than where no one would look, but I imagine It would have been awkward if someone wanted to use that dumpster.
Yes, but according to the NFL the Patriots are evil and the Saints are good, and that's all the logic you need.
I've got my eye on you...
can you charge your right click and unleash it + discord at the same time (discord immediately after, i mean) and get the discord amp on it?
he was 2nd before even having the fruit.. how scary
I know that's why I put the question mark... They asked for that from us but received much less from he angels
That must be why Sanders has refused to disavow them.
I know... i am the guy lol.
Love these Twitter links!
Do you feel media has a responsibility in a democracy?
Is he like Ernst Blofeld where we don't know he's in charge until the sequel?
He pleaded down to avoid trial.
Okay, that is your opinion.
Gotta love the influx of new fans after 196...
Probably because of the volcanoes
Musband
Valve.
My weakness has been discovered...
Gotta say, you got reddit really riled up there.
Most of Reddit belongs in Guantanamo now?
A little harsh?
but i thought bernie hated the 1%
I might try this And k really should get some vanilla protein powder since many recommend it
How do you count 42 sheep without falling asleep?
Can you break the statue?
I'm pretty sure the law says a reasonable person would report a crime.
That is *creative*!
Not gonna lie I did bring it up but I also told him his sack in the Superbowl on Kurt Warner was the incredible and clutch
I HAVE A HEADACHEEEEE
Okay, well that function does indeed have an x-intercept, and it can be found simply by solving the equation: (2/x) + 3 = 0 2/x = -3 2 = -3x x = -2/3
But if Bernie doesn't get the nomination then I give up and won't vote!
LOOK AT YOURSELF IN THE MIRROR BEFORE YOU CRITICIZE YOUR COUNTRYMEN
Oxford, MS is a pretty neat place, but I wouldn't even care to go back since it means dealing with the rest of the state to get there if it weren't for friends living there.
2spooky4me
Same here, I was introduced through *Life Is Strange* when they played the song *Spanish Sahara* at the end, and felt that I needed to check out more of their music
So what is he going to do now?
Alt-printsceen is what you're looking for
Prove it didn't, then
Instructions unclear, finger-painted dick-butt and sent to post commander.
I imagine customs would shit themselves, at least US customs over here.
The damage was mostly a flooded moldy basement that needed to be gutted, not just the pipes.
Would you make a game you didn't want to play if you were in that business?
Better bring you one too.
Hmmmmm... seems... familiar
I can't stop laughing.
Albert Einstein.
I think it's called Baja California
Comments always have the real LPT.
And I guarantee, it will start the first time, every time.
So the poor face pukes when the green dude poops?
Yeah, cause no driver that Uber has sanctioned could possibly make a mistake.
If it could wait til thursday for me to hand in my dissertation that would be great thanks mr lizard OSfrog
Congratz man I understand what you mean, I am struggling with disciple and I know when time for cutting comes I am gonna suffer
Nope it's just a 10% fatter baby
Was it worth it?
It's almost as if one thing is an intangible concept and the other one a tangible reality firing little tangible realities into mortal tangible realities.
I'm still angry about the time those Indonesians flew a plane into the Twin Towers.
HahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHaha hahahahhahahahahhahahahhahaha ^^^you're ^^^joking ^^^right?
What you dont think its likely that his brother could kill around 100+ soldiers pretty much alone?
Now kith.
More like this would be welcome and appreciated.
#HEAD STUMPED#
sorry did you just say crosby was a grinder or am i missing the
Switch to a Leaders and Legends division!
never really noticed how messy all the wires looked until I took this pic.... now its driving me crazy and I can't focus on the game anymore.
Patty
I have a feeling this is gonna be a pretty great episode.
Dude... Spoilers
No, unless you're in the news all the time, you're obviously a failure and not doing anything with your life
That's the one with the bald kid right?
I literally said "The fuck!!??!!?"
Story= Curry?
You ask a vague question, you get a vague response.
Well, it's a 32 tick demo, hence why it's choppy as fuck.
As long as they "tried" right?
King3Destruction 150k and 75k
Then I say bring on Skynet and Judgement Day.
Gringo = Person from USA
*shhhhh*
We out here
His name kind of gives it a way a little ;-p lol
Lawrence has had a string of really shitty mayors, I'm sure that hasn't helped.
Huzzah.
Creepy Peeper
Now he can finally think straight.
If I read 3 2 1 lets jam The entire song plays in my head
yeah i go to the moon on my holidays every year.
sauce?
color vs colour
Buy why don't muslims speak out against terrorism?
He should release it when everyone else releases theirs.
April fools day commander.
This guy fucks.
No, what you're eating is actually delicious, but as you lift up the last bite, you see a used bandaid or a cockroach.
It isn't racist, it is just the term we use for black people we don't like :)
thats the bomb-digity
eli5 please?
Cause ya know, bringing the official disk or downloading it from the manufacturers website is soooooooo hard....
That thumbnail looks dirty.
Nice try NSA...
That would be the sound your camera makes when you record vertically.
When you discover the marvelous TRUTH in this book you will want to share it with all your friends!
You spelled humor wrong
You grew up to be a handsome woman.
Kind of like people who use corporal punishment.
So I went as sheik's dad.. link FTFY
This is like next level retarded
Snarking on Reddit.
Cant have an opinion if its got footnotes
Won't somebody think of the children!
Definitely not cool and it should have been flagged but he's pretty obviously not crowing over Bernard being knocked out of the game like some Bengals fans have been claiming.
Not really an OST since it's an actual symphony.
This analogy is so on point
Pretty much what I have been saying here in reddit and what CIG has said in the past, but I guess it needed to be said again.
To be fair, a good, honest raping would have put her in her place.
I'd tell you that I know what's going on today... But then I'd be lion.
I went as a vending machine
Im idling for a Stattrack Karambit Slaughter.
Ze hadden een beter persoon kunnen pakken om dit probleem te presenteren, maar godverdomme, wat interessant is dit.
Is he actually making music or just playing loud songs?
It wasn't even enabled for me with the Linux builds.
Yeah, helmet-less works way better.
Mondays, amirite?
So cook some weed in cooking oil and use it in the brownies?
Nah that would be not hiring someone to clean the Burial ground underneath Consol Energy Center.
I'll check that out, thanks.
Mais c'est rigolo pourtant
Right because how can he be impressive if he isn't dribbling at the defense like Messi?
fair enough
Yeah we really need more pro-Islam propaganda threads!
TBM mother goes to temple and participates in true order of prayer at least 2x /week and keeps the whole family on the prayer role = upper middle class life style, husband with comfortable 6 figure income, and a million dollar McMansion in happy valley Syrian girls without temples or true order of prayer = starving and shoeless as they flee war torn homeland only to face persecution at destination and likely future of being polygamous child bride to sleazy middle age man while spending the rest of their lives trapped behind a burka Case closed; maybe if I went full blown TBM and went back to the temple, God would cure me of my 37 year case of the gay
LOL!
Is there an unedited version, please?
When your forwards only score 1 goal, it's obviously the goalies fault
Sure.
You're obviously a person with an abundance of brilliance and charm.
Cause Mag and trinity haven't been nerfed enough
extensions most likely
Well we all know their families are just as guilty
Putin is democratically elected.
We've been conditioned to fight for it, because socialized healthcare is scary and only makes healthcare worse for the countries that have it.
It's absolutely fantastic, she did an excellent job
ABC news just mentioned the 125K number, many articles are now saying 125K purged...but I guess they lie and you tell the truth
Yeah like stupid Coldlight Oracle, drawing cards and stuff
I wonder what armor is doing there, it's not even necessary to play as a mage!
so get a new account without your mom.
TIL FT is a Modi PR agency
Probably just a rhetorical question
Just insurance fraud.
Banned
creative name
Or the nation can grow the fuck up, recognize that the idea of a 'right' to guns of any sort with almost no restrictions or barriers to ownership is idiotic, outdated, and is extremely deadly.
See if you can masturbate to completion before the fight ends?
You sure do make me proud to live.
Maybe there's a SpaceX fan in the NASA press department lol
What time is it?
Bomb Tower
It's weird because he has hair.
Check the sidebar under "Other Links"
If there's one thing I know about the Internet it's only used by people that speak English.
But she was 46, how could she be born in '69 and not '70?
To be fair, Poland wasn't exactly welcoming them in happily to begin with.
named weapons drop?
You obviously can't handle a real woman.
I actually think we can land one solid DT
I hope you dropped this, friend:
Should have got the 390
I guess I forgot my
Well the problem is Cruz's , so i believe Trump is bluffing Cruz that he will "talk" to(threaten) him to drop out of race or he will file lawsuit in near future (which he is now considering)
National RAPE Association Stay Classy.
Wayfair you got just what I need
I wouldn't be surprised if some try to do that without irony.
Those damn southerners in Sconnie don't know what a real winter feels like
Yep, which they must not have watched!
Yeah because signing two aged players helped us so much this season
I'm fairly sure Riot eventually offered him the design a champion project but he refused it iirc.
LOL 69 I GET IT
According to Patriots fans, only their players were injured in that 2013 game and that was the only reason why we won.
I found the rainbow while doing bounties.
Having to upgrade 8000+ devices to windows 10 by January 2017 is going to be fun....
Yeah but there's no wallhack so the game is unbalanced
I thought Hurricanes were more popular in the midwest
I know what I'm doing tonight.
I played on a friend's account in Y1 and created my own account in Y2.
But it's just metadata, there's nobody on the other end so it's cool.
unacceptable, fire him
but league has 100 billion concurrent players
Nice man you got like 90 other players that won't be able to afford it because you killed them!
Can't you just count the rings on his stem?
Naw, he just invested into an osu tablet
Those damn free thinkers and their waging wars and murdering in the name of their faith...
It means they're fucking hopeless
Or 'Another one bites the dust'
I like this idea.
DAE think they're deliberately keeping it shit as the TV license doesn't apply to the player at the moment?
Use a silicone straw
This needs a NSFW tag...
im pretty sure he didnt hear him or anything, he mustve just used an aimbot...
The white
Fuck you CBS
missed
Yup the second was by far better
Yeah adults should never hug children
You sure can tel he's not a normal Aikido wimp, with the way he curses!
But the Big East definitely doesn't deserve to be a P5 conference!
Yeah, but he's no Walter Football.
Don't think we haven't considered it.
Yeah, i too only pretend to care about raped women, just so I can hate on mass immigration.
Oi, get away from Chicago and it's slightly less crap.
It comes from those frogs that make that noise.
Fuck, the white man never wins :(
Look, the people need a distraction from that, alright?
If Welsh consonants and New Zealand vowels ever get together, it could tear a hole in the very fabric of the space-time continuum.
High-diddly-diddly-ho, creeperinos!
Let us destroy these symbols of oppression, please stay at our homes instead!
You've obviously never heard of a goon sack.
It took you two minutes to read that?
I forgot the
Here, you dropped this:
Eeewww dirty women and our dirty bodily functions ruining all the furniture!
When I'm legal age maybe
Yeah, *you're* the sick one.
Its just so easy to make money, I can pull you over if I smell it.
Oh really
Blanket statements are always accurate and beneficial.
I'm old enough to remember that reference.
I feel that the cap looks great on its own, but in the context of our jerseys, it looks terrible.
Rand.
seckism all butts are equal
Some call it poison
There's nothing in the Constitution requiring child-proofing
Well, if they would let you buy drugs and alcohol with food stamps then it wouldn't be a problem!
Cause it's hot to fuck your mom, but not hot to fuck your dad.
perfect
bu-bu-but mysogny
cause of the illegal stick, amirite
gentrification ruining everything great about this city...
OMG, fucking REKT!
obviously its because they are so ugly inside it makes the outside even worse!
Just like Bill regrets signing NAFTA and selling out the working class under the guise of *triangulation* which was basically speak like a Democrat while having the economic policy of a Reaganite.
It isn't Ireland.
Must have been a ddos attack
What a maroon, if there wasn't anybody else there then who took the picture?
Nothing wrong with keeping it simple.
SPOILERS GUYS!
Listen dude, if someone smokes weed or does a substance I don't like, they don't deserve to own property.
I was thinking Washington Monument.
OMG stop opressing me shitlord
I hate rap but I listen to Eminem
Who would of thought there was corruption
Deez nuts?
Do I hear a lawsuit?
HES HIGH ON OPIATES AND COKE, i know...
Yeah fuck any form of progression eh?
Did you get to try the Cherry MX Maple
But it will be a capitalist that sells them the rope used to hang you... so capitalism kills amIright
Yea, because the prisons are full of jokesters who had the wrong kinds of witnesses.
She looks absolutely thrilled with her assigned task, and those cold hash browns and McMuffins look yummy.
Yeah, but it was also doubtful that he still had a career at the halfway point last season.
May as well judge most Londoners for renting here cause they obviously can't afford it
Point taken... sometimes i just feel the need to be ultra defensive and make an ass of myself
Didnt see that coming
Sure thing your highness
Then you're probably doing it wrong by casting a 4 drop in legacy for full price.
Yea, no such thing as a good landlord.
In which major tournament is team leviathan participating ?
Is that Albright holding the sign that reads: "you are going to hell".
How dare you take the time to look to the evidence before making an informed decision and not immediately start raging
Nonono, he means the lord Satan of course!
But it also distracts me.
Traps AND Mines have a chance to drop maps.
Only rabidly unscientific crackpot toadstool fake "scientists" like John Lott talk like that.
Bengi and MaRin clearly trolled the early game both second and third game.
The field had 4 tackles today, three against the Vikings so it's a total bonus for the bears.
pshh...they don't play Auburn so that's a cupcake schedule
I don't know, I thought his portrayal of the wife and interim leader of the guilty remnant in HBOs 'The leftovers' showed a real feminine side of his abilities, and have convinced me he could never kill someone.
So when Labour are in power right wingers aren't rioting because...?
that was a conspiracy though
Yeah, it seems you've agreed that everything you do is secondary to his wants.
What a quality post.
Lol yeah but Khara shouldn't have died he should have been around to save her after she missed snipe
its cause we need more safe spaces.
I currently have a plan to fly a probe into the mohole and shoot 4 radial grappling hooks to suspend itself in the center.
Apart from refilling your AP bar when you can't level up to get it back yeah... TOTALLY useless endgame.
Eh, too much work
I thought the song was called Tim
Who can tell me which one of them considers that his favorite move?
Because piloted shredders mechanic was so popular!
wow, he must suck
This is a purely anti-feminism thread and saying otherwise is closed minded.
Chargers, Colts, Ravens, Bills, Giants, Vikings, Panthers, and 49ers.
He's a crook so I don't think so.
lol, he was on the right, not even dodi_88 noticed.
But hindsight and other players in that draft have done more since then and yeah bust.
Naw man so much le cringe, why isn't everyone good at the memes like me?
Yeah, fuck all the innocent people who are trapped living under ISIS's rule.
Wow, that's one stealthy way to run a red light
You mean devs can't make new content with the flick of a switch, and don't need money to continue making games?
Right, because crashes cause giant earthquakes and shake everything.
Hurrrrrrr but Mooselimbs are allowed to break their laws if it furthers their jeehad!
Yeah, because pakistan is such a good western ally.
Congratulations?
It's fine, ethics only matter in *gaming* journalism.
Can't have fun when talking about anything Destiny.
TIL Dallmeyer=Leica
ssshhh don't be reasonable, you'll interrupt the circlejerk.
Yeah we really had a lot of issues marking Castillo last night you were right.
Yeah, I didn't realise this until they praised Kendrick and Kanye
Yup, you need US backings to follow international law!
It's 2015 bro get it right
Right, those fuckers need to go through the work of stealing a country from the natives
Misandry doesn't real though.
saved lotsa time tho.
I don't even play Yi, I just have this flair cause I'm too lazy to change it.
everyone knows it's a gateway to heroine you fucking junky (I feel this isn't necessary but whatever)
90 years after death isn't reasonable?
The dream lives on boys
It's because reddit loves to sound super intelligent and throw around buzzwords without knowing what they really mean
thank you.
Or maybe he should give them all raises for being so engrossed in their jobs that they didn't give a fuck what he wore.
And they're probably almost finished writing it.
I thought you were upset he hadn't evolved to Bortoise yet
I'm coming for yer caboose.
Dibs on Drybones!
Happy birthday Jobs x
I'm a very peaceful person, but that pastor needs a little demon removal to his own face.
While simultaneously supporting conservative ideology.
Was Snowden one of the attackers?
Skeptically reaches for coats to return....
Yeah
That's right -- he's Barrie property until their season ends, at which point he's 'returned' to his NHL team.
Too late.
I'm so sorry if it sounds like I am but I'm not :( I'm new to the assassin role and normally main mages.
I'm tired of this loud, orange, round, bad hair, fake tough guy.
He's on the same team because the Raiders keep paying him.
Nothing changed about that :P
Sheesh!
So they pose no threat to you, then!
Fake pee
Shit, I forgot about that
I mean regularly elsewhere that is not where "brown people live" as you so eloquently put it... So, do they?
Make the most out of it.
Wes Welker
hot tub time machine
Don't you mean BASTA!
This type of shit, it happens every day.
No, They dont make PAX skins anymore
double is really predictable if you play smart
Fel Reaver is so good, got Fel Reaver, he burnt all my cards, then I picked Blizzard next turn and got it back to back for several turns and won.
At this point I just want sanders to win so all you people can finally stop this stupid circlejerk about how everyone else is circle jerking When you post a low effort comment only seeking upvotes it's still circle jerking you're just pretending you're not doing it
I'm pretty sure I saw that guy throwing a fit last week with a bag of cans and a sleeping bag, quite agitated.
I think it's because there's a lot more mistakes you can make in one game and then those mistakes build and if you play poorly enough consistently then it cusses tension in the house.
she could have called her son Jinzo
This is hilarious.
Not really, it's smg/crit or small variations, electronics is capped, and stamina/tank builds don't really work due to the way aggro works in this game.
You have permission from her to post these, right?
endo has greyed out eyes why do all of these have to do with eyes
Everyone says they used boxes to knock her out but for me she dodged every attempt after the first drop
CUNT!
It's literally in the Declaration of Independence.
or the hockey club yet they keep their name
Brutal
If froggen goes to NA, I'm gonna fucking kill myself.
I think everyone does, bro.
Our team was also destroyed with injuries last year, so I wouldn't count literally any statistics.
Wow that's really crazy that you just thought of this all by yourself
So how do you know what vpn providers can be trusted?
Well, no their claim is pretty shaky because the terrorist destroyed their personal phones and didn't give a flying leap about the county issued phone.
Upvote for accuracy
If this was done i'd want Kansas songs on the Radio (the classic rock band)
ok bro guess 800 % damage from banshee and excal plus 200% from the melee combo counter means nothing oh and the 20 second invisibility if you have an arcane trickery guess I'll just throw that in the trash too
And you usually walk, so they can't get your car?
Or let's build a wall around uk and quarantine it from the rest of the world and then deport all the undesirables there to fend for themselves in a dystopian anarchy.
Or stated more succinctly, change is difficult, so let's not.
No he isn't unless...gasp he told you!
Yes I was generalizing.
I understand this, but since Oxford uses the term Husband does it not mean that a religious marriage is required and a civil union would not suffice?
Boycotting South Africa to help the average South African is colossally ineffective.
looks dope
give 4 eu pls ;-;
My money is on... acid rain
going through the alphabet when going down on a girl is how to figure out how to get her off.
I want some of whatever drug(s) you're on homie you sound spun as fuck lol
the best thing is that left-pad doesn't even work correctly because not all characters in a monospaced font have the same length (for example many chinese characters)
what i was saying is that dxtory is the only program that has that feature
I don't belong to a Hogwarts house because Hogwarts is a fictional location in a series of novels and films.
This guy beat the selfie death odds.
TIL that there's a female vocalist in Warm Foothills.
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeit
You'll instantly grow a vagina and your voice will rise by 3 octaves.
How to procrastinate
That's not how the world works.
AND MY AXE
You mean grill it?
If this is a lesson, then Germany is that one kid that's asleep in the back of the class, and most of Europe is on their phones.
I know, right?
The effects of that LP was felt throughout the world.
Syria and Iraq are not much of a countries, they can't defend their own borders even.
Right, there's no consistency
Inb4 pronoun police show up
So you're an advocate of male on male rape, huh?
Obviously for left-handed people
I will face my fear and let it pass over and through me.
There was probably a wet spot there too
You might want to prove here why pork is so unhealthy that it would be considered haram, and how some guy in the desert would scientifically know that.
Yes that correlates perfectly im glad this man noticed our effective hate campaign because red dead redemption never came out on pc
Burns
look at her chubby cheeks
But...this would mean evolution is true...heavens forbid!
Filthy
i cri evari teim
Seriously, see when Tie Fighters and X-Wings are flying around and the Starkiller base was firing its weapon and the lightsabers are flashing and crackling are you thinkign "Meh, looks better in real life" Stop going on as if there are NO special effects in the new movie, chode
Yeah, cause we're running full OS X Yosemite on our devices.
Abuse of legal immigration is illegal immigration.
They'd be ruining their own game and would guarantee a loss
more like ASSriel
Something something cardboard box.
1st time I read about Cru was about them beating up outsiders.
Are you suggesting that this article is about something offered to Hillary Clinton?
He seems to be streaming though Google Hangouts, thats pretty normal
Seems to be the case of a lot of games which feature the theme of artificial intelligence... *glares daggers at ME3 ending*
Yea, well... I think you're wrong and becuase I have opinions and feelings I must be right because you can't argue with feelings... becuase my feelings are more important than facts
So does that mean I have a shot at being a copywriter?
Yeah cause Syria was such great work
Has ^^^^^^DONTKILLME
Yeah, so we can all swim waist deep in plastic ducks &amp; jetsam at the beach
I hope they remove the level limit for PvP and just downgrade our stats accordingly if need be.
Relevant flair.
but revolutions based on racism and xenophobia must succeed #Trump2016
Because you know the ending doesn't mean you can't celebrate the journey.
To see the oppression.
Hawai'i resident detected
I bet we could make the Airhammer balanced this way as well
FUCK
As a big fan of Scorsese films, it's funny listening to Rolling Stones albums for the first time and realizing that EVERY song in his movies is by them.
PMSL
# realproblems
Not like you ever need to block in Bloodborne
I'm thinking: you didn't really wAnt this
Except in Nebraska, here it's true.
I'm shocked
You dropped this:
That's cultural appropriation
Well, that's an unexpected twist...
Perhaps this allows us to get more "experimental" products if the market place means the LCBO doesn't have to keep them in-stock and only buy from the brewery when we order.
But he's a walking stereotype of hyper sexual strong and violent black men!
He got refunded tho.
What if you don't get injuries?
Not sure why the downvotes, If it's ok for Nike to drop Manny for jis religious veiws, it's ok for Catholics to drop nike for going against their religious veiws.
I frequently find myself having to bash rocks together and use short grunts to communicate with my peers
I was talking about the barking up part.... mrow!
Maybe we'll see more interesting stuff come around when Arin and Dan are back in LA to record.
Yeah, but we don't care about the opinions of casuals when it comes to our chat.
Its an American thing... for as far as I'm observing it.
Sounds like you're listening to shitty music
Thanks so much friend!
I think you really need something like an IDE for that, I know something like that exists in ASP.NET if you don't mind to use that stack and Visual Studio (maybe Visual studio Code can do it)
Dog is like "lol I can't dance on 2 legs"
An unsolicited dick pic in the morning, what else could a woman want?
Even in that game's menu i get like 15 fps..
Mexico!
And yet none of that is personally identifying and two of those statements are wrong.
The risk of mites can be mitigated by freezing your wood bags before using them.
Daaamn Daniel!
Still better than Virtus.Premier
Y'all, the scene between Vee and Isaac was so sweet!
And men have never benefited from abortion, contraception or having their wives and girlfriends and healthy.
nah dude bernie sanders will fix this :)
You forgot the
Economic freedom!
Why the hell do I live on the east coast?
some reason would be it's not cost-effective.
nah its cool the mattress has fabric on top
Don't you dare compare Judge Judy to Napolitano!
Yes.
Villareal and Jamieson IV might be getting more minutes this year is Zardes doesnt step it up, Bruce isn't playing favorites, hes looking to win.
###HENDO
Only in Texas
Yes
Depends, what are your qualifications?
So does that confirm that they won't have a chance to even get to the major?
Don't worry, once they get Matthews in the starting lineup I'm positive things will turn around
current limbo
He's on the bench.
Yeah Aussies and Koreans are pretty much the same.
why use that when we could be linear consumers and buy more!
Yeah, because all Trump supporters are white
What if you are the dog?
No, his post perfectly supported his claim
The Plaintiff should be held responsible for the Defendant's legal fees for this frivolous lawsuit.
Your mod introduction
But his parents were mathematicians and computer SCIENTISTS, he obviously knows how this all works.
Ah ok I gotchu
Son I never joke about freedom
Camps to reeducate the posters on this sub on what a proper burger post should look like, as opposed to eye candy food porn.
She wasn't the first one to do it!
The whole conversation they had was hilarious
No, they plan to keep production as is.
My dad said this is Trojan brand Ram with a bit of
that finals was the antithesis of modern day ball/ and any of the fast pace eras
Yup after all the early retirements, this one is stunning.
One that requires a dongle I assume?
sohai la
Former boxer, turned boxing commentator apparently.
Tomorrow's news "Father of slain 9-year-old Tyshawn Lee deines allegations that he spent funeral donations on a new car"
The glass fountain...
Shocking!
Here, you dropped this:
The southern border of Mexico has a wall that does exactly the same thing that Trump's wall would do
Why did y'all turn them down?
Yeah, but the clowns are really just distracting attention from the women's rights, shitlord.
And you would have thought it would have been RealPlayer that stuck around.
Jeez op I didn't need your life story, just a yes or no
Good, you deserve that 750rp skin.
Va fi ocupata de Dumnezeu, fiule.
That defines Luke in ANH and Anakin in TPM... sounds like an established trope or something.
yours too
please dont complain about 30 ping
But where is the third man, Hulk Hogan?
Time to fake an injury.
Left 2006, returned 2013
Well, she doesn't like running so she's pretty much the Antichrist, obvi.
Yeah, they're being lazy with their multi-million dollar investments.
His form was terrible though!
but its your fault for taking 1 step away from your tower
Gameplay doesn't matter, only the cinematic experience!
Dragon Points Kill?
Or have static link work on creeps for half the damage!
axarious god
Did you try to apply cold water to it?
Forever mid-tier :(
It feels awesome...
he knew bellemare was coming and he still kept his back to him, so he literally deserves to die
Population density is always hard to understand.
Yeah cause what this game needs is rng in the neutral objectives...
Thought you can now steal the jugger without using shrinkmeister.
Maybe they used common core math
Fuck yeah, ~~Reddit~~ Philippines!
No, you see, the wall is totally fiscally conservative, because we're not going to spend any money on it; Mexico will pay for the wall.
Damn I guess Soggoth is useless cause Black Knight exists
Oh wow... Because everybody knows a show's merit is only based on people's fan art.
Photoshop.
Maybe he could start simple with "fucking retard" and work his way up from that?
Spreading Murica to those God Damn towel head heathens.
ye man, because typing "status" in cs console is only a 50% way lol
Yeah, because the Catholic Church isn't the single biggest humanitarian force on planet earth or anything.
Yes because we saw 0 hooks or trips from the nyis lol
This has to be the best aghs upgrade ever
TIL Onions Make you Cry
But AR15s are scary!
I'm a good candidate, as long as you put two giant Swarovski gems over your eyes to hide the fact that I've literally sucked since the ADS update in like v4.1.0.
Which is the opposite of what it used to be.
Packs are always the best value for money available
Building 7 committed suicide because it was depressed about its big brother buildings.
OJ didn't do it
When you're Russian, there is no time for Stalin...
you forgot the
But he was always such a Nice Guy
Yeah, but was he MENTALLY ILL?
It would have been better if you waited over a year and were sent a trash can lid.
Is no one safe from the skeleton menace?
It was probably Buddhists
Very classy.
That we have no humor.
That's the one with the little girl from Kick Ass right?
This will be a civil thread
Next build look for updates!
So glad we gave him a NTC...
At least we had that promotion
Yeah and let's keep Chapo Guzman in Mexico, it's such a bad country he can only suffer from it
What color pack did you use for the bronze color?
Yes, it's a shame that Cleveland got the ass-end of it because Modell made some bad ownership decisions.
It's dangerous to go alone Take this
All of those are facilitated by the state.
porquenolosdos.jpg
Tax payer money well spent.
OG disbanded whattttttt
Study...Finish it off if you can in one stroke.
yeah i hate it when video games are unrealistic
You should be ashamed.
What a shitty attempt at engagement.
Then how does every child i see with a ST Vanilla Karambit say they unboxed that shit?
But what about that strong Philly market?
It is not pornographic if it is educational or arts!
I guess that's why it was a roaring success.
Nah man we need to trade him, he isn't a leader.
upvote for the eugenics stormfront style comment
Love this guy.
But the USSR would've been socialist if not for the Stalinist bureaucracy defeating the Trotskyist bureaucracy!
node is the future man, get with the times
Aww, you guys are so mean.
Ye but when flusha did it he only did it for publicity not because he cared, not like fallen
It really is that simple.
This is so believable
Oh yes, how dare I unnecessarily drag transgender issues and sexual assault into a thread about the article titled "Sexual Assault Victims on Transgender Bathroom Policies" Just making everything about myself
Nothing less than RAW PURE ORGANIC UPPERCASE HD
6 things I can't live without: A *small* loan of a million dollars
And thank god one of them will be Tyreese Gibson :)
Well maybe if you didn't have the camera sideways ya big goof
Ding ding ding
White cis males?
Tu jaanta nahi uska baap kaun hai?
Yeah I don't think that's entirely necessary to cockblock these guys.
thanks a lot, black people!
doesn't stop you from eating them once were done with them
I'm reading fuck-face.
They're not saying "boo" they're saying "Boo-roncos, Boo-roncos!"
Don't even get me started on corporate thinking in the University and the free labour provided by grad students and adjunct faculty.
Damn you, patriarchy!
socialists!
Barely gettin' by.
I'm sure those teenage girls are going to grow up just fine
Wait, what?
THAT'S RACIST!
Ya my buddy did some voice acting for it too!
Did anyone else notice/wonder why this was poorly framed onto a Sharp TV?
Yeah.
nah it's probably his second or third first time
Ya but greencap eye drops don't give you an excuse to be stylish
Sweet album, thanks for sharing.
Yes, because that "shame" thing works so well on you.
but all people are equal!
Willow
2017 year of the chord keyboard
We should be part of the OpTic organization for keeping the subreddit looking so nice.
What a tool, I hate when people repeat the same stuff
I've heard fudge is a popular substitution
I do think I should have put the
Yes, must be sarcasm because every single person on reddit is obviously a Democrat.
This proves that global warming isn't real!
what the fuck is celebrity instagram
But hey, it's bashing Clinton, so here's an upvote!
Yeah, I miss those pre-refugees days when there was never any violence in Sweden.
Nocturne has a tail?
Yeah you gotta go to 4chan for the real memes.
But if they don't force you into an archetype, how will you know what kind of deck to make?
Just get an r9 290 reference card
Well with the raid being released last week maybe it hasn't dropped yet.
Well, then he'd be a Vandy student.
They've only released one song so far haven't they?
CONFIRMED: Senyshyn to Calgary and he instantly becomes a top line NHL winger and is the steal of the 2015 draft.
Try starting a goth night at a local club, you won't regret it in the slightest!
Remember kids, vote republican, they are good for the economy!
Hey man... Thats like... Your opinion.. He said he knows ohms law!
Yeah, I'm pretty sure little Ethiopians and Iranian women who rolled low are having fun
thank you very much, I will start there.
You're so intelligent
We need bo7s
yeah, he converted a huge 3rd down....
Don't worry, Allah the most merciful will forgive you.
No-no the cops get called because da school and da teachers and da POLICE be rayciss fk da police
Auburn is really killing it out there in recruiting this year
-Abradolf Lincler
Kick their asses
YOU SPOILED IT, YOU FUCK
Luckily no one has smurfs for boosting up their friends.
It's almost as if the major news outlets have something to gain by packaging tragedy and disaster into an appealing product.
because it's harder to get prescription opiates, so people turn to heroin
I see one that is super tacticool and three that are garbage.
Shovels for shoveling catshit out of their "bathrooms" would be called poopy scoopies
VW did have a rebadged Caravan so you could make the mental stretch lol
yeah man total garbage
They need to add support for American.
Because suicide bombings in populated areas are so much better
Shut up science bitch!
This joke is timeless
Good thing the Pope is on it because I'm sure that more religion is just what this whole mess needs.
Well the US is a Christian nation soo if it were true, he shouldnt be president!
Maybe it's his homeworld being destroyed by Starkiller base.
So you're saying visa supports terrorism?
At least you got to keep your doctor, right?
ayy remember when we had 100k?
No duh, they need the iPad Pro to replace their PC!
What's the point of doing something if you can't show other people how cool you are for doing it?
I thought his campaign was over and he was relegated to the JV debate.
Must be "moderate" Russians.
No way bro that's every profession
Just shows how a good owner can inspire his players... unlike that guy from Shark Tank.
A lot =/= a quality genocide, the key thing is commitment.
Someone should probably tell him he's holing the Mag not the grip.
at least the game is fair now
Because american autism is special as it comes from vaccines
If you have to ask then you're a terrorist.
That policy and type of thinking is working well for the US.
Yeah I'm sure none of the taxes we pay went towards their bail out.
I mean he his flair is global so.....
Apparently I did everything wrong when I visited here.
Show me a journalist from these liberal news sources who can correctly define or identify a select fire rifle, and I will turn in my guns.
Woah hey at least the empire won one!
So you can watch the SEC Championship uninterrupted.
Must've been nice hitting off that beautiful green grass!
Don't be silly, men don't have issues
They hate because they no not what they do.
Or void the US Constitution.
Love FFDP, but when you're Tom Brady, you can listen to what you damn well please.
Yes, you can either redeem it for Steam on PC or Steam on Mac.
Well she could go tell the front office she felt threatened after the incident.
Wot
So... Why are they trying to get our names and email addresses?
Note that interplanar portals used to be a part of the lore (but wizards hasn't mentioned them in ages), so that could be an explanation.
\*Portent comes up a 20.\* "Today is the day I buy my wizard laboratory!"
**its relative and up to interpretation**
This makes no sense
Easy, don't reveal you're loaded until you know for sure.
The video ID is MIAD-810.
You don't get parental controls in Plex at all unless you pay for a Plex pass.
I have indeed, thanks for pointing that out!
You're such a tool.
Yeah, I know I'm in the minority but I also prefer other Gundam series to Zeta.
One of the few shows I would recommend the dub on too.
Installed.
What is even remotely offensive about this?
I think I'll just install xonotic again.
While that's true, knowing which celebrities are Canadian and which ones aren't isn't exactly high on my list of world affairs to keep up with.
Imagine this + ipecac oh my god
Cue whining about them being "political prisoners."
Fuck his pancreas levels.
So only people with credentials in counterterrorism can be president?
Good chance that Ovi just fights through everyone and scores some trademark falling goals too.
It was definitely a fun game to just relax and play.
What QA?
Your ISP might be limiting the torrent port
That's a pretty decent consolation prize
Excuse me bud, how did you get the FPS content in the stand alone client ?
Your apologies are greatly appreciated and will go unnoticed?
He just wants you to *think* its a joke....
LGBTTQQIAAP (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, transsexual, queer, questioning, intersex, asexual, ally, pansexual)
Hey, it is different when you make *whrrrrrrr* and *bzzzzzzshhhht* sound effects!
I wanna die
So is the case for any major city.
Damn you should've went 38 imo
Yes
awww you didnt get the reference.
Now he can download even more and at a faster pace.
inb4 7.5GB 1070 scandal
My city has a river with dolphins so yeah.
Oh that's going to work.
realizezi ce a reprezentat al treilea reich?
This is crazy but it does not feel like they made more 3s than us
*Schaumburg
oh yea those are totems too i forgot .. durr
Did you read the sidebar?
this girl at the 7-11 on 56th and pac
Welp, looks like it's that time again when trolls start to post fake links of the new patch...
Just bind it to a key?
They were just removing a potential harasser from their safe space.
r/pointytits
He plays with his feet?
Hearthstone is actually Life
Yeah, sorry, anarchist collective bakeries are the real socialism.
What an asshole.
I'm sure the 5450 is worse than the integrated GPU lol
For the love of God do it
Bye Felicia.
gt out ov heer skrillie
right, but my point is that japan and some other asian countries should be seen as an exception of the "lower gun rate = lower suicide rate" due to the cultural differences(whether thats success rate or just attempts is up to you) its an apples to oranges kinda thing, US should be compared to more western countries like the UK, Canada and Aus keep in mind i dont think higher gun availability means more people attempt to commit suicide
Something something war never changes something something
But having a temper tantrum instead will REALLY show them!
Probably Put demon core + urias?
I'll add Tom Cruise and Oprah just in case
in Lithuanian, Belarus is sometimes called "Gudija" which comes from "goths".
marries feminists... translates to, "Can't admit to being gay so settles on being a cuck instead."
Feedster 315 warlock
Not the same place, dude
Why, biology already roasted him worse than any of us could.
Oh yeah forgot that we are literally starving to death unlike those lucky fuckers in socialist Venezuela
FUCK YEAH
Oh, I'm just blind.
Mobility goes under elusiveness in Madden.
I could see spotify offering a heavily moderated competitor to soundcloud for another $5/month.
Yup, it sounded like the semi slowed down right as the collision occurred, probably because the cop and rest of the convoy had slowed.
They should just make it where you can buy a $4.99 Charm item that you can use to get out of LPQ.
Wow, SO sexist that you use 'her' instead of 'him' just because it has to do with something negative!
A 2nd gen neon on a race track?
No one cares.
The Borg
Stick with a legend, go Bobby Hull
Answers: 1)none of your business 2)none of your business 3)none of your business 4)none of your business 5)no 6)no 7)no 8)no 9)no 10)no 11)no 12)no 13)no 14)no 15)no 16)no 17)no 18)no 19)no 20)no Then if he persists, send ALL the angry Pepe memes
It's a np link.
Thats because most stereotypes are also caricatures as well.
[[Cobalt Guardian]] When TGT was being revealed one step at a time and I saw a stream playing the card I thought it was some new card being pre-released to people, seems like it's been around since GVG :s
short barrel shotguns, for those not in the know.
Is there someone brave enough to do a TL;DR of the changes?
I know, hitting with both criminal and civil charges would be even worse.
LOL SOMEONE DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO DO SOMETHING, WHAT A FUCKING IDIOT!
Im actually kind of glad because it gives artists a lot more creative freedom.
Thank you so much - that actually answered it in a way I hadn't considered.
Luckily for me I now read the *Morning Star*.
Nope, I think it was the fencing response....
Sub-subsonic
They'll likely fill every slot, but the real fun will come in making gear builds like Diablo.
Paradise Lost Festival in Jamaica
oh shit when are these coming out
It's got what it takes... so tell me why can't this be love?
No fucks will be given.
Glup
Still faster/more interesting
Yes it does.
James Jamerson, played bass on pretty much any motown song you heard in the 70's.
Aah, just what we need... more shitty television.
May Allah bless my struggle against the dolphin unbelievers.
See this every week in New Zealand school boys
Well, namely I haven't justified destroying or encouraged its destruction.
Pfft, that's for betas
I do oblige my audience!
r/hiphopheads consensus review 10/10 b4 even listening
It sounds like your wife has better taste than you in games.
Hey dont you tarnish the mystique of the uncrowned champion!
C-D is all you'll see
I don't think I can make that one.
It's down for me as well.
Should have gone with beats bruh
The delivered more than 1 new legendary so they technically have delivered "Legendary weapons"...
Ja, waarom gaan hoogopgeleide veertigers niet gewoon in een magazijn of telemarketing werken, want daar worden ze meteen aangenomen...
applies also to roommates, pets, and children
Please someone photoshop Barbera into this guys face.
I went to Amsterdam and assumed everyone in Europe smoked pot.
Because it's very hard
Worked for Salem #bringbackthewitchtrials
Based on the anarchist critique of power, namely that power is a corrupting force regardless of who wields it, Superman has but two options: Super dictator man, akin to Injustice: Gods Among Us or Red Son, or Doctor Manhattan ala Watchman, a powerful deity type with no connection to mankind anymore.
Careful guys, acording to sources China's taking over soon.
I mainline and rape in my own bed, thank you very much!
Gyro's are all about balance, he should have known better
hey i am also against it, so no debate here also i made a mistake, it's square the ones cutting corners , not Nintendo - they are using Nintendo's NA version for the euro release to save some money so i guess blame goes to square , but at least they are giving us a statue
I willingly forgot about week 16.
You're wrong, let me tell you your own intentions because I perceive the goings on differently
'culling the herd'
I mean they could also try to make a decent expansion again, but throwing money at other projects seem like a great idea to get people back...
It records and saves fine but looks like the picture.
Sarcasm man sorry
To Hell, Norway.
Not a single mention of Miatas?
That's a good point, I'm so used to wearing my AF1's with jeans but I'm used to seeing flyknits with joggers.
your observational skills are remarkable
Regionale TV heeft alleen niet zo'n groot budget, dus voor je wekelijkse 15 minutes of irrelevance krijg je alleen je reiskosten vergoed.
If you use a wallpaper with a white background, you can't even see it.
I prefer the original as well, but I think the remix is great too.
that's when you put a password on your console and also kill them
Please based trump supporter stop triggering me.
I don't find this even slightly surprising.
Hmmm... Well the nearest star is only 8 minutes away at Light Speed...
but we're still angry that Roman pointed this out to us!
ummmm sweaty you can't go to Japan that's cultural appropriation to even look at another country =)
I have to agree with you on this point
Because Titanic never happened?
Do you have a source for this rumor?
Is there anyway I can get this promo ?
no but you can post it online and jack the price up cause of the sticker, rarely works tho
it's double conversion rate, for current FH season only, IIRC JP does the same, only S25 with double conversion rate If you can manage to utilize the guard frontier, you can farm at terminus , raking up 1 mil pts at minimum per orbs or if you're not familiar with guard frontier style, End could be your alternate farming field, OTK all the way with some RNG involved, maybe using UBB while clearing it, may net you 600k or more per orbs, depending on your sparks, ATM getting +4 isn't that hard, emptying your orbs every 3 ours or 6 hours would still ended with HR+4, depending where you farm, *i stand corrected*
I didn't even mention mike porntoy at all in the description, but ok.
Kill yourself.
I have plenty of times, but even when blackout drunk I always manage to not fall on my face.
wouldnt even bother them on hard, you get the same xp, unless you want the little xp you get for the extra npcs in the mission
What a great comfy and soft bed!
I just want to play an RPG that I've played a hundred times over, but my head is the camera!
Marvin is over .500
Negotiate with 27 countries on an individual basis?
make Disney World great again...
Thanks Anonymous
But the 18 year olds should have the foresight to know that their parents/teachers were wrong!
RACIST!
welp looks like we can't trust you with ownership of the dank sub anymore
Thanks, that saved me 10 minutes of my life.
If by "ethnic cleansing" you mean arresting and deporting all people who have entered Europe illegally.
...what update?
Okay, I guess that's your opinion but I was talking more about how a lot people don't even know they're covers in the first place.
ahh yes... thank you
That's asinine.
Today, I learned that even women are capable of mansplaining.
You will definitely enjoy reading The Heroes
Fine, I'll be the one to say it: customers like you are the reason horror stories exist.
So... one team down already, before the event starts.. good shit
Obviously let your children stay on the couch all day/getting over influenced by getting media programming going is totally coherent with good parenting.
I mean.. How else are you supposed to know?
look for it on their July update
It's because they look so much alike!
Shortly after, the runner was imprisoned and the flag was burned.
What does that even mean?
I don't think Dardan is the leader anymore
Well the can't be the assassin, since she doesn't have any sniper rifles!
Because it would have been a very boring story if the rest of the crew didn't leave.
And I'm sure all women everywhere are just *heartbroken*
black people are often racist against Asians... see: LA riots
I literally facepalmed at your use of literally.
Homeless guys checking in... just me and my 377ft yacht )))
You obviously have not played Hollow fragment...
need more games.
This feels dirty and almost scientific
It's freedom you asshole!
The team was looking really good as well D:
Suggesting someone get news from Fox renders everything else you express as dubious, at best.
Tiene la suerte de ser muy querida
Ask a friend who' a scooba diver.
Vicbias prevents me from recognising any other premierships
Got mine last lucky banner!
I am certain that Moore will join the 15 users on the other sub over his own damn common sense.
FLAC sounds best through a Pill.
She does, but she was also mentioned in the video as a tier 1 counter, whereas Jug wasn't.
Yes..let's divide and rule
He just got an old f150 like his dad had when we were all growing up so he's getting some nostalgia feels in with that while the subie waits for new struts and exhaust.
Yea, all those civilians brought that nuke on themselves.
I meant to pick up all that cheap real estate!
Well someone should tell my boyfriend he doesn't actually like me... 9 years wasted on a relationship that has clearly gone nowhere!
Really looking forward to stepping out of the theater on opening night to send Cap on a Charleston!
At least he wore eye pro.
Eagles-Cowboys tends to be pretty tame compared to most others.
But a lot of the steam reviews were mixed
Big red flag for me was saltwater... Who the fuck in their right mind would put saltwater anywhere near a car.
ReRoom on Fire: Remastered Edition.
Good point, let's just call them all murderers.
I see the beta testers in legion already finished their content...
Testify!
I heard he's a meanie and gave someone an 89 once.
Quit being islamophobic, it's just a name
If you get a kill within 3 seconds of using your ult it doesn't go on cooldown Seems Balanced
Red and blue are still better names than Kaitland.
Yep, because Valve is your friend and Sony &amp; Microsoft are greedy businesses who just want your money.
Thanks Osama
Feicin Muslims , comin over ere taking our jobs , our women and now our houses, go back to your own country will ya!
Your cat is dying :O
Haven't seen this post in awhile
You will pay for this grave insult, hermano!
*mic drop*
It's either going to be Rukia or Orihime
Killer Instinct?
Because it kills Gawds children!
Cultureel marxisme!
Not even in the top ten of most dangerous jobs.
You used "SAP" and "integration" in the same sentence - the price tag immediately jumps to the 6-figure range.
Yea, lying is always great advice.
Sure does!
cocaine, alcohol, and hookers
Thanks!
It's my picture :)
ummmm, stack more damage ups
How many more to go?
He only likes aliens colonial marines *a little*
There aren't many things more rage-inducing while driving than a person who clearly just screwed up beeping back at you.
Umm no, if you're cold they're cold!
This comment chain is disgusting and an example of why women are being pushed out of gaming.
NO, WE'RE STILL OBLIGATED TO HATE THEM.
So that makes Brady a choker?
And?
of course not!
I appreciate it.
Manhattan, middle of summer in a friend's apartment without A/C on a slowly-deflating air mattress.
And billionaire CEOs just keep working for the fun of it.
You must be the Jonas brother who got all the ugly genes.
from 77 to nearly 94 eh.... nattygains
Nice video, though I don't seem to recall any dubstep my first night.
It's unbareable!
Hey all nice but.. I'm here for the PSU complaints....
It's Clippy you uncultured swine.
Na, Rawls will carry him on his back.
Thank for partitioning Poland.
Nah, you just can't understand the genius.
Yeah better concntrate on watching the clock for half an hour
guys I posed for this picture but it's still perfect timing
Yeah well, I'd be challenger if it wasn't for my teammates.
How long till someone will cut this like the Star Wars trailer because, ya know, that is the only way trailers should be ever be done, ever, ever.
Can you explain how it supports his thesis?
No no, I think it needs to go faster :D
Nova.
144p@144 fps master race
Spoken like a true jackass!
But that doesn't jive with the fact that the entire history and purpose of America's existence is to oppress people with darker skin tones!
Think we might need an OT thread
Fuck spelling it right to!
Well in that case being low-bar and wraps it just doesn't count.
I hope its good so everyone can appreciate my awesome music blaring in the background mixed with kids yelling and maybe a few dog barks in there.
But you're drunk, so you can't consent to driving
You should have won an i5
9gag
Somehow this is patriarchy's fault
And the meek shall inherit the Earth.
Yeah but he's no Gauss
Another great article from Kayfabe news!
By that definition.. do you consider people who didn't marry inside a church to be actually married?
Let's have them all wear a patch so we can easily identify them in public too
Why have adreN when they can just buy an awp and a decoy
Pssh you guys invented climate change how can we trust you?
Pretty sure the only acceptable politics on reddit is the ""economic migrant"" problem
At least there were three subs warming themselves up for the last 35 minutes, right?
I don't know guys, I think ESPN's rankings are far superior
Glad I'm not the only one who came looking for this.
Ye, BitcoinMagnet doesn't look like a scam at all.
Here you forgot this.
Found the flat earther
I mean Moe did beat fallen, so he should take the 4th place
Yep having stat-modified weapons that are delivered by RNG &amp; microtransactions sounds like a great idea....
Asheville *is* one of the liberal bubbles
Yeah, because trusting a 90 year old guy to deal with the internet is the way to go
All the realtors are pushing pilsen right now just like they are pushing the boundry on logan square, why would they say this area isn't part of pilsen when the hype and increasing sales are inside of pilsen.
Land was also given away for free for white settlers but not to native people.
DEATH TO PR PEOPLE, THEY ARE THE SCUM OF THE EARTH, TRYING TO SHARE SHIT WITH US THAT WE MIGHT LIKE
Needs more rails
Public breastfeeding, ugh!
Should have added
Dat accessibility
I'll be praying for his recovery
Yeah that makes it so much better
Good thing school shootings are never committed by anyone other than Muslims right?
My name is Indigo Monica You killed my edit Prepare to die
4 MINS
I thought most mooch off their parents as usual.
Shit I just like the sound of my SV above idle.....I rev......but only a little bit.
It's called "BabiesBath" all the rage.
dutch harbor?
You probably just missed the part about rounding up all the foreigners and sending them to extermination camps.
Batman : TAS
Hold on, I thought Obama was a Muslim.
salvemos a la abnegada banca privada argentina
try Curry &amp; Chili im Wedding, imho the best
Hush Tommy ... All of this talk about the UN being a communists loving organation is just a conspiracy.
The lens was created before they invented color lenses.
It's not indefinite any longer, it's permanent.
Who?
Magic the Gathering.
OpTic is in 1st in NA, they won the Challenger Tournament
There goes my hometown again, making me proud.
Well congrats man, I wait for 2 hours for live chat and nothing happens
It's in the negros' DNA to be slaves
It is still a bit rough at the edges, but nearly all the mm roms are running very smoothly.
Kids these days think anything last season is old...
Luscraft II : Chapter 5... This means there was a Lustcraft I and a lot of other chapters... Time to do some reading (for obvious lore reasons)
Gonna bring magma chamber to summoners rift
Well duh, gotta support the military manufacturing business owners somehow.
Please say you missed the
Depending on context it can be both
hahahahhahaha
But muh human subjectivity, you can't just make a claim that the pc on the left is inherently better looking people have feels and you can't invalidate them.
Whos that milf in the background?
yep, because PC gaming failed spectacularly.
Bro why do you have to hack, fuckin' loser smurf
The important thing is, though, they were spared the ravages of autism
In Kubes perfect world it'd be 100%
These refs are bought... there is no way they can miss so many BLATANT calls against us... wtf
No, it's because it's not real Football
So maybe Hecz sends Mboze now to the EU and let him have his team there
But clearly he's moral because he's religious, right?
n1lla45
You know, dieing, the process of making a die to cast products in.
Wow 30 refugees is a lot less than I expected
I don't think blacks can be racist because they lack the mental capacity to formulate opinions.
Well, we *are* overcrowded
maybe we will start a trend!
Looks like next-gen graphics are here boys
Background checks
Ho-oh!
yes but it's sold out already ;_; Now it's 45$ for entire game (at least here in Russia)
it might be a iphone stuck to a ssd shot with a slingshot
A true squeaker at heart.
How strange, how did they come to this conclusion without data of all the people it killed first, so they know if it's "worth the cost" to fix it or to pay out in individual lawsuits?
Go back in time and stop Skynet from ever being created.
The gays
The characteristics still apply because of her *moon sign* bro
Mmm UV rayz
Germans are so primitive.
He said 'visual novel'.
You left off the
None of the juggernauts were
Petite bourgeois is still bourgeois.
Yeah, fuck him for being correct and using logic, right?
Let's deny all EU citizens!
you forgot the
Tocmai, productivitatea romanului e legendara, asa ca nu e nevoie de stat prea mult la munca.
He uses a Samoan drop like every match, seriously we get it Roman, you're samoan.
What is addonsforkodi?
Thanks for treminding me that we all need to look like destitute bums or we are "too bourgeois".
Well, technically "Women's Studies Professor" is a job that requires a women's studies degree
Yeah the guy who wants to start a war with Russia is TOTALLY sane
Yeah because most are in decades on simple pot possession charges
I need them physical discs and collectibles for my nerdyroom!
Yeah, he was a real hero.
You get self satisfaction and then you show it off to your friends that you are on the front page.
Aise nahi
She gags lightly, but keeps going.
Anyone who boos through a moment of silence for civilian victims of a terrorist attack is a cunt, regardless.
And all this time I blamed Russia for secretly being behind it somehow, nice to be proven wrong.
wow aren't you a good feminist
I wrote a completely sarcastic comment that flew right over the gifter's head.
Not with that attitude!
TIL I am a weeb.
I suppose the cdr caps as before but the dodge chance they added increase (could be wrong have not gone on the ptr really)
Hey, your mom asks why you don't call any more
Yeah, it doesn't help that he looks like a Geth and keeps using "we" instead of "I"...
I could imagine if you're buying new guns and selling them still new that could be a problem.
Wait, wait, wait, so they were pissed that dinner was ready 45 mins after they arrived?
Furthermore, when he talks about free tuition, he's talking about public institutions, of which Yale and Harvard are not.
When you say leading question, what kind of question do you mean?
p sure it might be a starbucks venti chai tea latte with breve, 4 splendas and 6 shots of chai
I agree completely.
pretty sure that breaks TOS
I'm just curious how in the fuck you guys are already on r/all with more upvotes than subs
And then he some how comes back.
Dude may be crazy!
I liked it, but it is pretty terrible.
Rack up as many charges as possible so when you go to plea, you end up getting "a break" because the county was so nice to drop some of the charges.
That last pic makes my dick all tickly and nervous.
I'm protesting not making today a national holiday.
Also duct tape Misa's mouth shut!
DFA, useless!
This looks like something straight out of Command and Conquer: Red Alert!
Ah yes, I believe that's the Khrushchev method.
When you're warmed up I imagine it's parodymonium.
And he really needs to cut those toenails, geez... WHY DID I ZOOM IN TO SEE THAT?
Nice :D
Freevee
Was it Rumer Willis?
Seconded....... tell us more
Video doesn't load :s
there was content in vanilla, back when the game was good, but it has since been cut.
I don't like shrimp or grits.
Piper dies at the end of star wars the force awakens
Omg I am not comparing the 2,I am just saying everyone looks bad in a compilation of fails.
That or they're calling immediately for a stubbed toe.
That's quite a lot of coherent text for a "leader" of "entirely insane" people.
Ineption would just be a guy being shitty at stuff.
It is like cutting off your head to spite your face.
I think you're a poofter
WWE Melee was better.
Just gonna stay away from these comments.
My sims kept autonomously eating fruitcake, i only ever saw the moodlet.
Your username is also wonderful!
Welcome to the djimbe
Electronegativity is an easy way to estimate
brady?
IIRC Anderson was caught with a PED that has one side effect causing calcification of the bone, which would help explain a leg break if he were using it versus Weidman.
yup,
I wouldn't even have considered not exposing his secret if that happened to me... kudos.
*Accidentally summons a calendar*
Becoming home to the best musicians and bands.
I used to work at TRU Algonquin :^)
I hate you
Thanks, now hopefully he brings something we dont have out here.
Adding insult to injury.
Well now that were getting results, maybe we can cut education and do more with less.
Also the idea that you *have to snack*.
Are you trying to recreate this in English?
I was assuming it was hype for the new X-Men movie.
I don't think so.. would I be able to find it that way
8k master race bruh
last episode "the x-files" on german tv today, cant wait
Ohh wow, this is so surprising
FTFY: Chef slices 15 bell pepes at once *I'm waiting guys*
Wow shooting is so cool!
blame reddt, also copy the link down
It;s taking fucking AGES.
No that's right.
Wednesday is ladies night, so maybe Dougie was trying to get some.
Why not?
brb, killing myself
Just to make it even worse, that's a screw and not a nail.
Add me bps114
you're saying I've been maintaining eye contact with women incorrectly?
That would be an awful raid to be a Demon hunter
HEY MAXY!
Update your flair!
And none of that bittergent shit in the canned air.
Great advise for new comers
Hmmm, look at the fucks I don't give about something so pointless.
343 please
If they have its probably been with a price hike.
......bwah?
Ich starte lieber ne pfostierungsserie aka "Alles super"
Aww that's so sweet and original good luck and I hope you both have a long and happy life together!
that isn't the case.
But it's a reoccurring injury which is the bad part
No, there is only one level of service for all modem based subscribers.
Didn't touch his chest, no rep.
I really like American Girl by Bonnie McKee, but I feel like such a basic white chick listening to it that I can only handle it once a month.
Yeah, but the Stormcloaks don't let an army bent on literally destroying the world (Thalmor) stroll on the streets
The reason we have similar colors as you is because our founder liked the Dodgers' look and copied it.
Because most cons have kids.
I was never asked, guess im not included
I loved that event, hope it comes back, however I think it might be replaced/combined with Gielinor Games this year
Fuck off SJW
Or we could have Lotus saving us like Elika in Prince of Persia.
But... But I thought Syria was a rich country, filled with doctors and engineers?
Alexander Hamilton
THE GRACKEN WILL RISE AGAIN jinro and qxc tho Holy shit
Consider a pocket door.
Ya, I was thoroughly impressed with the beta, and read some of the tweaks they made based off of player input make it sound better then bo2 (the last good cod imo)
But it's special MAC RAM, much better than PC RAM...
Walmart carries pops?
I honestly think that the general public is a lot poorer than I think they are.
But that is descrimination and hatred because you are the bad guys, but if you say something bad about those peacefull kind muslims that is racist and bigotted.
prolly a skillshot long range cait ult
I mean, it doesn't look good but I don't see why its so bad either.
Because fat people suffer from pcos and bad thyroids and slow metabolisms and can't help their conditions
Oh it's dreadfully annoying, but better than dropping the bumper IMO
DDCATHE DNCDEEP
Deep wildy is not edgeville, if you attack a random person at kid of course they are gonna safe, it gives them the best chance at survival, they didn't ask to engage in the Pliny, so if they get attacked they shouldn't have to honor pk.
As I recall the last 34 seconds were.
Nothing crazy happening in west Texas either
could you just boil it or use one of those survival filtration systems?
Well FM Esports surely can become tier 1 once
Yeah but the way you're writing about it makes it sound like Britain had recently invaded Ireland and not the continuation of ethnic-religious tensions that have been going on for generations.
That would be tremendous
Yay!
You want some Dick in your ear, huh?
You could buy them to stop the cap being hit but not place 5 art once.
It's more "cut healthcare" and "raise taxes".
Hope this works with my Eddie Bauer edition Ford Explorer.
I'm not like other girls, I'm a Cool Girl ^tm
holy shit
Because announcing it earlier would draw eyes to the fact that two of the three marquee matches have exactly the same rules only one is called a street fight for some silly reason.
Sorry about your phone.
Maximum Maxillary Maceration
I assume a separate bill is coming to add funding/resources for Special Needs Education and funding for families forced to have a child with an incurable disease.
I just figured out what that means...
Yeah Obama really needed those Independents in 2012, take a walk
So your doing SL?
yup, that 30+ year "War on Drugs" sure worked out very well, didn't it
While you are at it pls get an AA reunion
I have a feeling PS4 sales are about to spike
Where's aegon?
What an absolute shocker, I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
I'd like it more if it was in the corner and not centered
Emotional state
Basically what my family and I did....hooray
Nothing says "anarchy" like "you make me want to ya-ya."
Mike Lessard takes philosophy 101
Start stalking him on Facebook and maybe you can catch him on the rebound!
My hero
But if this has an agenda it is to prioritize women's issues which are, unlike trans people, important problems.
Whoosh..
Everyone knows ssh and emacs are just bash with silly names
The best ones.
OOC:...SIGN ME UP!
Looks like Legos to me...
u sexy
Yeah, put up a strawpoll or something I guess.
You can give a face rating.
Without knowing other teams' RB/WR situations, to me this is impossible to speculate on, TBH.
So it's literally just like Asterisk except this time the student's hair is blonde instead of pink?
It sounds like a Jawa
Haha, it's funny because dota2 is more demanding mechanically, funny post h4h4.
It was lovely having a productive and civil discussion with you.
the quality of posting is strong in this one
I know I can't.
Only one way to find out...^
This was actually right after rdj scored an 8 ball of coke off Tyson and they did some bumps
Hey, the claws and/or telekinesis make up for it, right?
won't salaries plummet after the bubble?
Da Fuq?
My frugal way to travel is get air bnb with several people, usually works out to be $10/day, use the local grocery store for at least half of my meals, and finally use public transport - it's often amazing in it's own way.
Does Kareem Walker count?
:)
You'd know that, if you'd done your own research.
dat ass
how long was it?
I could see and understanding it happening if it was a high ban/pick champ and you were lower on the pick order, didn't want the enemy team to get it.
it's only fair
wheres unidan when u need him
I was fearing that Zootopia's rating would dip as low as batman v superman!
Ins't this the reason you guys are building a wall?
(It was a joke)
To be fair, British English is nigh-incomprehensible at some times.
But you can't find a job with an ADN
But you'll be so distracted by them that you'll never give those transcripts another thought
The lack of meaningful content?
Probably the candidate who's supporters dont do their own research lol.
Well obviously she's trustworthy and saying the same thing she says on the campaign trail!
The nasus one was good because the music matched dcane smacks
Just move the right monitor to the center!
From the internets!
Send me a pm with your email and I can send you a pdf of the tipers book too if you like.
This is why I hang up on you when you call looking for donations.
Salt and Vinegar
Lol calm down
Times like this when I just wish gentrification would hurry up and push all this stuff out...
i dont get it
I agree, but I think the option to just cruise through with retreats should be there for people who want/need it as well.
I for one, think that taking steps to be more inclusive makes him a pandering shill, racist, and sexist too.
Nope, don't see any double-standards or hypocrisy there.
12 Years a Slave
hahahaha funny
an mmo would be pretty much the opposite of everything dark souls stands for.
this joke doesnt work if there is only one letter
Switzerland is not that big.
lol I'm assuming this is sarcastic so you might wanna throw in the
Yep, I think that's the only patch it works on.
the morons who think all dc fans will shit on movie critics/bloggers are going to shit on dc fans, even though its trolls and fanboys who do that
Actually no, a lot are not optimized for multi-core processing.
Better go grab it then!
If you don't give a shit, don't give a shit, don't pretend not to care then flip over Aphromoo, I'm not even a CLG fan but I respect Aphromoo and what he did.
Wtf so if i kill 1 person and someone attacks me i cant defend myself or ill get extra time?
Because the new guys are so much better
Gee, I wonder why.
Sell it to him, ez 8k profit
Ubuntu noob here, what is the difference between them and why is Chromium better?
well we all know kendle and Keegan were the least loved
just sent you a message on XBL
I'm sure you are just a perfect saint.
Trixie hobbitses.
Detroit ice sucks not a real hockey city
Wait, you get a retirement system as a volunteer?
Isn't Steve Nash missing his MVPs or am I misreading this?
Voting for Hillary as a "lesser of two evils" would just give the same result as an establishment Repub, only difference would be the intentions.
Yep, 100% rational you are.
No saar, it's people who don't sing the national anthem.
How dare you use Jesus's name in compassion!
Yeah, luckily he monetised the video and licensed it and it all paid for the dental fees!
wait did you really take my comment seriously ?
But I thought the race was over since all of the pro-Hillary people on here said it was!
I think what you mean to say is that Chris Christie and Jeb should be joining her on the democrat platform.
Think about how close we were to going back to those right stick controls, basically, when the Wii came out and motion controls.... *Shudder*
dudes trippin sack
You got that from my comment?
Its not a race though, but if it was I would win.
As a resident of Baltimore, MD, I assure you nothing like that would ever happen here.
No, I just think it's great we can own them and use them in that way.
terrible card, I'd never buy it.
Pics!
Yeah, honest and open communication would never lead to a happy and healthy relationship
Fair enough
Most romantic murder EVER.
Tell the orange juice to stop pushing its agenda!
Hope it wasn't for the boss's birthday!
flipp was really hoping that was going to be a suicide combo so when kyce landed back on the platform at the end he got a teensy bit salty it seems
Yeah, like this bathroom thing.
High as a giraffe's hat... I need to remember that one, lol
Your comment triggered me.
Stormfront beat them too it, such a shame.
Since the resistance doesn't stack, it's pointless to wear the suit *and* Power Armor, unless you want to leave the armor and scout around for whatever reason.
Ran a 4.3 at pro day.
Of all the cool gear you own, you chose to post a dozen pics of that DeWalt saw and none of that sweet Tormach mill?
Smart Headphones Cool, more planned obsolescence.
I'm using the wired 360 Xplorer Guitar, and I've tried the whole "guitar" option, yet none of it works, I've tried rebinding everything multiple times.
Hockey needs to be permanent
Thank you, good points.
For sure.
Wow so wild
Facebook and occulus rift
Because the Americans, Israelis, French and Saudis all have the best intentions in the regions
Hell of a year but an aweful finale
Asshole, now I can never go outside again.
He is by far the number one receiver, but he's been taken out of a few games this season and Cam still hasn't missed a beat.
What if we made the helmets out of this stuff?
I like hers actually (especially the cat), her boobs look as fake as ingame tho... And the Zyra+Cassiopeia looks good too
I didn't host no party.
Wait until you notice that the Vault-Tec bobblehead is floating even in the main title sequence.
It was
Yo todavia estoy en la etapa de negarme a que me redefinan la palabra (mas bien es un termino legal con un significado preciso) y corrijo a la gente, lo cual hace que todos me amen
Really don't want to give AIG any page/video views
I'm fine if they don't want care but don't make yourself a full fucken code.
It's the other way around though.
Yeah there are, that's why Herman Cain won and why Ben Carson will definitely win.
Her form is horrible, dad is doing a shit job at training her...
yet this has nothing to do with islam.... i think that guy forgot his
Inb4 Riot purposely took down dynamic queue to make us realize how much better it is than current solo q
Yeah, just like that other game, the one that's exactly like this one according to everyone on youtube.
Of course.
Save your soul, try more chocolate.
Plz tell me u forgot the
As someone who has administrator access in an IT department, I can confirm that we have nothing better to do than read your emails all day.
Well that's because he's a Workout Warrior
They deserved it for the Banderaism they would get up to in the future, obviously.
Well stop staring at the shit and look at the skull and the L as well That's how I figured it out!
butt hurt checking in, me too.
Fucking Clintons!
Shaving their heads and wearing real hair wigs.
I dunno, it's REALLY RACIST to say A WHITE PERSON is TREATED BETTER because of their SKIN COLOR.
do I get to pray for myself?
Congo er trods alt afrikas uddannelseshub
A Hipster *would* have fun learning about antique pipe organs.
Well, he does have a belt
Yeah, how dare he not counting the letters in words correctly!
Okay, we'll only post about aids in Africa and ISIS from now on.
AC/DC or Suicide Silence?
Holy fuck, how you go outside looking like a cooker knob
Well, she does have 4 mansions and a private jet that need serious upkeep!
Give this man a Nobel ~~Peace~~ Penis Prize
Don't mess with the bear
Why don't we make murder illegal?
He's just kidding He forgot a
BREAKING NEWS: Bernie Sanders supports child abuse and is against video games!
Nuke East Texas.
Atreus pls
Duke Nukem Forever was great.
And it rotates them exactly the right way as to not get head and not spill beer or under pour?
But Riot clearly solved all visa problems in season 3
But it's great for pushing development of aircraft.
Man, those gay people sure are funny!
Yeah, for $60 I'm sure they'll give you a nice quiet, smooth running disc tray.
Yeah because out of bounding removes all pvp challenge.
Come on, let's be fair....I'm sure Adnan is totally thrilled about his legal strategy to hold off on testing the forensic evidence, too.
Yeah that alone would make her a pretty terrible president and person.
Love this app, I think it is important that genii like me can photosynthesis !
Yes, farming to feed yourself must be a much better life than working in a factory.
....there was a sex drive?
Apparently, his first project is to implement 1-click sanctioning
But Zur also dies to removal
Testing on insects is wrong, but exterminating hundreds at a time is just fine.
I mean it's hard to show a source when your people go by oral tradition.
For sure killing my buzz
You lose all respect by ending your paragraph with "XD XD".
And tv licence
Ashley Madison?
Diablo sucks...enemies' souls.
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU MOTHERFUCKER
Forgot the
but snuggie don't you know black 'artists' can't possibly have talent?
So... The TL:DR of his statement is "Got Mine; Fuck Them!"
The case will be heard by Judge Willis, so no.
Oh yeah, remember when George Bush repealed the 13th Amendment back in 07?
Seems like a good reason
This might qualify as child abuse
It's not an incentive to vote for a particular candidate.
BREAKING: Poll finds Clinton at 0% in Nevada
When you interfere with pretendy spaceship time, THERE IS NOTHING LESS THAN DEATH AS A PUNISHMENT!
Ya but with preptime you'd never find him 9/10
It's not fair he's allowed to play, look how big and fast he is ;(
What if Kylo is her father and that teenage pregnancy is what drove him to leave Luke?
Everything that isn't dubstep.
My Retina iMac came with 1000GB and 7200RPM (RAMs per minute)
Yeah, I remember when the guys in the Simteks and Andrea Modas could still win :(
It's good that theyre learning from their experiences and not hiring coaches that have been in demand in the NHL
Entering the giveaway 9293 Thank you!
Right, because throughout all of human history up until the introduction of corporations into society, government has been a completely benevolent force which never exploited its' citizens in any way.
What a lazy bum!
Come on let's *return* to good puns
Good comparison, since this guy seems like he's both very drunk and full of adrenaline from just having been in a bar fight.
talking about desi obviously
Yeah,no,capitalism is just human nature,lol...
LOL that's Taylor Swift for you, supporting all the small, poor artists who are really in need of support and finances.
Knights of Sidonia.
347 thanks for the giveaway papabless
Everyone knows that the only reason people still read Shakespeare is because they're pretentious snob types who just want to be recognised as oh-so-smart.
How am I supposed to believe this is real if I can't see his face attached to it?
Yes.
That's a sin!
Can we stop saying any white female who goes on a stabbing spree is mentally ill and call them what they are...domestic terrorists
No dude, you're racist!
Cause he's a winner.
Stealth Camo 3, MRS4, then just run at everyone in stealth.
As an armchair general with zero experience controlling a real army I'm going to have to disagree with you
r/de hat wohl ein Sexismusproblem
But a government doing anything ever is socialism.
I hear they can be reused for DIY acupuncture!
There was a final Stargate movie that got cancelled... I read the scripts and comments published by the storywriter: [In this movie there was planned to include a scene of O'Neill having diner with Carter where it is shown that they finally have an official relationship]
So many chuffing questions!
Good job man :) Does this one also start glitching into your vision when you're walking/running?
Just switch to project management where you can fail and then blame it on the nerds in IT because none of the upper management understands technology anyways.
Eagle Five Cross-Legged
try being an actual human being
I'll make sure it's misspelled.
GgGGgggGg^ggGg^Ggg /g
And GE to repair it.....
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Why would you upvote the abuser?
I know that he said he wanted to play in Spain and its extremely doubtful he'll leave, but I would love to see Aubameyang in blue
Yeah, objective evidence refuting a belief is totally the same as a political ideology.
But....I thought gameday only visits Alabama or LSU...
Yeah, but who has he beaten?
I'm very interested in the response.
would u mind give me the sauce for my dry schlong?
But how else can armada solidify his place as #1 so far?
Well she agrees with me, so she must be smart.
They don't
Everyone knows that Joe Biden's obviously running the show.
How dare they only have one jersey!
*cough* almost
Yeah, just let immigrants drown/be killed/recruited by ISIS, BRILLIANT THINKING, YOU SOLVED IT ALL
Wow, reddit's transphobia is a beautiful thing.
I'm glad they referenced LittleBigPlanet :) Cause ya know everything Nintendo does is original and inspired
It was The Rock's fault.
Yeah fuck mods for wanting to make sure the 300k+ people here aren't buying stolen keys.
Why are there cats and not turkeys?
It's a flawless way of preventing people from stealing content
Yeah, like datura
Everything NYCFC does is relevant because they're a dumpster fire
Should have gotten a GT 630 4GB, it's 4GB too.
6/9 barely a nip slip
She'll never know REAL love until she has a Golden Retriever!
Nope, Best Driver On The Grid only managed 5th place, so it clearly was 5th best car!
Spoken like a true blasphemies.
Well because our God's blessing isn't phony, and we are enlightened by the word of God, not our own intelligence.
cant wait for next tuesday
[**Char**m**a**nder Master Race](/dreemurr)
Wow, sell him now.
But... but..., PC gaming is dying.
le wrong generation
weevil silencer long barrel fmj
This cake is going to turn everyone gay.
What muscle does that exercise work?
So they buffed nidalee's Q into a point-and-click skill while keeping the range
It's confirm, Nissan will be in F1.
How do I do that?
Ah, the Faustian Pact of mormonism, signed at birth with no choice in the matter.
Did you eat it?
I just think their jarred salsa and marinara sauce is better than anything else on the shelf
What do they go for?
Firefox has always been the more stable browser in my experience, this better not happen More stable as in I can load a LOT more images (for example 100 different tumblr tabs, or a thousand or more wallpaper gallery from imgur) on Firefox before it even slows down while Chrome crashed long ago
I like them
People make it seem like because table flip is over after they left Polaris they could never play another board game again, they could still do a board game show if they wanted to it just wouldn't be called table flip
Oh you fancy huh?
But Iran is a victim of Western oppression, of course we should let them defend themselves with these missiles.
If the top marginal rate is 52% for people making $10m+ per year, you'd have to make something like $100m before you'd end up paying 50% of your income.
TL;DR: Republicans were denied a stay against the new Congressional Map going into effect.
Assassins creed black flag?
Trying to control what is deemed acceptable in regards to characterization and dress is heavily authoritarian.
That's oddly specific
F u.
I wouldn't like you when you're angry.
Then you're a dick.
Who is "Anderson 2012" and "Brooks 2010"?
Can't you get a profoundly average, overpriced breakfast elsewhere?
Plants are not intelligent.
What if two of these land on top of each other
Sup being such a fun killer.
Have you gotten infinite money from Satan at the cost of having to write xD at least once every ten comments?
good Thing that power Blackouts happen occasionally over there
If you go through their post history you can see that their gamertag is: jmsjr
God no
Not release it?
Why in a Virtual Machine?
Schnaxi PacMan
In the time that you've posted this, you could have just moved them all yourself.
Who is Boson?
yes, i mean how they even turn my waifu into this?
... then unsubscribe and leave the sub... This is high school shit, grow up.
Hey it was a really powerful class, just naturally slow as hell :P
Lol
To be fair, it's the same view for Seacrest.
He gave her his last breath-mint.
Fuck the Panthers
Oddly, I find the cameras that people are intentionally filming with to be worst.
It eventually just overtakes the arteries.
I actually liked him in Darjeeling Limited
I thought they were expensive at 10 cents, then I realized they are 10 dollars
you can never have too many centers, look at team canada.
Is it only me or does Heyman look kind of like Saul Goodman?
Don't worry then, you got this!
Individuals and PACs, but not Super PACs
That again.
Thank you for that :)
Mediocrity.
and Zaitsev with CSKA
Fuck, now I'm stuck.
Try Buddy's Carpet in Sharonville.
Im not sure, but i think it was your sexism that hinted at your autism
I don't know what I expected but god damn did that story grip me.
Uh... no... This is the wishes of the guys who want toggleable stuff
I bought Tomb Raider and Sleeping Dogs!
I didn't cuss him out, I presume he got tired of me calling him pathetic...
Sort of looks like the models that creepypasta reader guy made a while back, nice.
The 1 for 1 trading is situational, If there's a wave of 20 minions at their tower and you can dive them to trade 1 for 1 and make them miss that whole massive wave of XP+Gold it's absolutely worth it.
P
it's better to eat something small when you're hungry than to pig out later :)
He's also a flaming facist.
It's required to have insurance before a license to sell by the drink where I live.
See this is the more realistic explanation, but fuck realism.
Futo-Fan checking in.
I hope there is a pretty hefty fine for people caught doing this
The porn tho
To the very core
cut the bullshit guys,we all know that the 390 is better than the 390 hand down.
He didnt throw it but he definitely ran a ton of ISOs
I get the feeling well get something like that in the DCEU as well, at least friendly, flirty banter.
Well if it's more expensive on console than pc in Hungary then the same must be true for everywhere else!
I'm surprised he's still writing after Mike Florio took him apart.
OMG, just one shot?
Northern Ireland native checking in, mind boggling that 35mpg is considered economical!
WOW 54% increase in temperature so it's gone from 280 kelvin to 500 kelvin thats 230 degrees Celsius holy shit its like an oven or something
Paprika
Lies are lies and you have a right to your feelings about that.
Philly fans are brutal
Getting boned by papyrus.
To be fair, back then $100,000 was like 50 quadrillion dollars today.
He's just mlg like that
Not even when it was named Judea?
Yeah man, obviously anything within 3 standard deviations of dead center is basically the same thing.
Thank god the media spent as much time on that as they did on this and issues like it that are totally fabricated \s
Probably in the 6-8ft range
I love how we get auto lumped into the criminal category by default.
Green screening a St Patrick's Day themed photo shoot would be *sooo fun*
They are semi-automatic, not single shot.
And windows compatibility past xp.
perhaps if they were legal people who have better access to safety information, and wouldn't need to worry about the purity of the product
At least women could bury their dead in it
yall mothafuckas are way to fixated on throat noises
Yeah that's super lame.
It was for the guy with the fucking camera
Thanks I was very happy with how it turned out.
But he's just a game manager
Im not even on Alien Blue atm and I upvoted it
Armish and mononite do not have significantly different values.
Look at this bitch swinging her smallfat privilege around like it means nothing.
Does Canada's government subsidize food the same way as America's government?
Idk its like saying a attempted robbery should be unseen as he didnt actually manage to steal anything...
Forget Kane, we are getting the one and only Zlatan.
Or governments in general.
Ah, thank you!
Right because college and military are nothing but orgy fests where everyone gets laid all the time and there are no virgins anywhere
This is a today i thought i was awkward and not a fuck up
If you're angry, just realize I've been sitting here waiting for a Cinema Display update for over five years.
It's body paint.
yes
I wish this were a joke
because if you fudge the numbers well enough you can make anyhting "pass" its a game of rounding errors and decimals to drastically change the mechanical properties of materials in a model.
What did you do, kill their girlfriends?
I don't believe President Obama called you out right now on anything Rubio, so why do you keep bringing him up instead of answering direct criticism from Christie?
At least it would give us that diversity we're looking for.
A Kenny Miller hat-trick comes close.
I am Lucius, guardian of my bosom
true, i mainly focused on her abilities since OP was talking about her scalings of her kit
Because he knows there's no such thing
What if you made a caricature of Bernie Sanders as a write in?
Nobody spends money on edh
Different opinions are offensive and a danger to this society!
Oh no, don't be mistaken, they sold that car later that week.
Everyone has the option of hiding income... particularly if you work in a business that deals heavily in cash.
No it's because Bernie is a damn commie!
lol Mitch's boyfriend just posted on snapchat: "This Big Brother is fucked"
Don't do this.
done.
Please tell me that the SuperMan class implements IFlyable.
You're just mad that you fell for it ;)
MAKE DUBSTEP
it's RGB sliders so it's any color you want!
Nerd
Champions have a passive, Renekton doesnt
Nice Meme
Honestly Desharnais and minny's 2nd wouldn't be terrible to trade if we could get an alright winger (2nd line)
Maybe they will do a movie to connect it all and we will have Mary E. Winstead, The Cloverfield monster, T J Miller, Wade Wilson and Gypsy Danger teaming up to fight Thanos
1,000 more syndicate rep per day!
I feel like 'not going negative' is in relations to opponents in the race.
Yeah, getting paid to do a job sounds like hell
You are shit
Someone disagrees with me, the only answer must be a vested interest in the other (bipartisan) side
6 for me.
Then we just bring in all the extra Cuban doctors.
I feel like this is missing a
*waiting for a new thread stating that it was actually Diggle fans who did this*
Apothicon Servant upgrade confirmed for supply drop
Nikasaur killing phreak and replacing him, curing us of flanderization and bringing forth a new age of weekly quality fan art submissions, with added mspaint RP submissions.
America is a big sickly grizzly bear that savages you every time you try to give it free healthcare.
Here's to 40 more
I think he wants the ability of insurance companies to have their plans extend across state lines , which would cause greater quality due to the increased competition.
Poor man's named arg?
I'm sure you'll be missed.
But its cool because KD's coming home tho
That's just God punishing you for ruining a salad with pre-made dressing
Crap, ik wilde dat net zeggen en zag toen jouw comment.
Jagielka will be back for Saturday, and Stones had cramps, he should be fine Baines-Stones-Jagielka-Oviedo
Slave, kpop star, same thing pretty much.
Right because cost of living in bumblefuck upstate NY is comparable to NYC
huh, cool word
But HGH is something people when talking about steriods!
Sounds perfect for Nina
Ya man, fuck the free world!
They don't even question it...we're surrounded by crabs made out of mud...pulling us back into the bucket and miring us in their close-mindedness.
Oh yes of course, that too, I didn't mean to be exclusive :D
So... double exp/rp on the 343rd day of every month?
please be finger's boat, please be finger's boat.. please.. [yes I know it has already been identified]
When you still want to see them or cant stop thinking about them even after having rubbed one out.
Well for oral consumption it really doesn't matter if it is complexed with HPBCD, but for sublingual or buccal consumption HPBCD definitely helps the absorption.
Se almeno una volta completata la scheda ti dessero un premio...
Pretty sure he's hispanic, mate.
It's all that homogeneity.
You probably aren't actually eating 4k+, if you actually counted you would probably come in closer to 3500 which is what it probably takes to maintain mass if you workout daily
none of the goals were ugly so they deserved the win
Yes, everyone gets an elimination thread with a 30 picture album of their fans tears.
Then you attach a video link to their friends funeral and say *not a prank bro* in comic sans
until you die
Yeah man, calling bullshit on one transgendered person = transphobia, just like hating one gay person is homophobic and hating a black guy is racist and disagreeing with a woman is sexism.
I think it'd be feasible for it to be a child of Obi-Wan and Satine that Obi-Wan actually has no idea exists.
Well they are spot on this issue, even if for the wrong reasons
Still, if one can judge by the ptr leaderboards , wizards are the only dps in 4man end game groups.
Wow how typical from a jerkoff spurs fan.
I wonder why MSM outlets aren't paying important stuff like this more attention.
Duh bud, it's called Social Engineering.
And no full faced helmet.
or if the whole thing isnt staged
And spartans wore dreads so they have to poc.
This would be too complicated.
They should just put a tax on corruption.
The only reason I can think of is that they are here to ruin others' day or the game.
You sure this video isn't fake, because it's literally impossible for the Mets to be good, don't you know last season never happened
So you admit there's a link!
Stop playing against Trick2g in season 3 and 4.
How can you argue with such big savings?
Pretty sure Prisma Seer is whats really needed
Found the Clippers fan
I expected the most unbiased of opinions
Got swain, awesome!
Because OP men ALWAYS want sex
Yes, with the help of Allah we may get to witness another genocide of Jews in the region should Iran complete her goals.
Why are you responding seriously to a comment that was *painfully obviously* just trying to keep the joke going?
That's 1 Kobe
This is only ok if he's giving his speeches through a megaphone so you know nothing shady is going down.
people's*
I bet you hacked it you hacker.
Gemstore or not?
Yeah bro that's totally what I'm saying
Bfb at full max damage of 250k will remove one whole armor bar of a level 32 elite... Common you can't beat that..
Looks like someone's been celebrating 4/20 ;)
I really wish I could give a dozen up votes for this comment.
I bet it was a gang of atheists!
Stanley Marsh is that you ?
Who could have possibly seen this coming?
At least Trump doesn't owe prison contractors or Wall St the way Clinton does.
because it obviously is **THE CURRENT YEAR**, what are you, racist/misogynist?
It was when I was 5, when I realized I sexually identify as an attack helicopter
I love the ending :D
He's just a kid, let him show up to work drunk like everybody else!
Making fun of Hilary with a group of people that would never vote for Hilary is *totally* hurting her campaign.
at least the prices to live next to crazy bums downtown are super reasonable
My answer will be delivered once you pre-order it and along the third DLC.
You know people have been falsely accused and sentenced for crimes they didn't commit, how would you feel having your dick cut off while being innocent?
But wait us shitty Caps fans shouldn't need a horn guy to tell us when to cheer
lol yes because the news is the only thing keeping little weak ethereums heart alive
No need for a physical button: "Swipe up to fly this spaceship"
you forgot the
America should make you King, because nowhere in the history books will we find you committing genocide.
...however armor does!
Like Saudi Labia Pics?
Who likes pizza?
Hargreaves is Canadian thank you very much
I am an Asian person and I am offended by this level of stupidity!
Porsches and Mercedes HQ are in Stuttgart tho
Yes because they are activly trying to kill their game
We should register every one of those tanks just in case one ever explodes.
oh and HSC is right after that guess you cant patch then either
Just rush to get more walls.
Because ios and osx are flawless
I have some Mar 120 calls that are almost back to even today
I so goddamn proud to be British right now!
Go with the good is a different statement from "go with what's liberal" or "go with change in general."
You have one of the worst lucks I've seen.
That is until dx12 hyuk hyuk hyuk
I think the only thing that has changed for ARR is the addition of Lords of Vermilion that's about it.
Just to let her know that you definitely don't have a small penis
Check your privilege, the patriarchy is triggering me.
Yes and make sure to link straight to their site so they get more clicks
Awesome review!
Kevin love went to the same highschool as me, therefore I am famous by extension
You mean it wasn't bigfoot?
his teammates should have placed a ward so that thresh can hook himself out
You forgot your
The media sure called this one!
Te falto el
I'm imagining someone watching this and thinking "fuck, i hate him."
My lazy way out is not being able to afford either and complaining on reddit
Is that not the Novominsker?
The token black friend
Has the pope had like 15 different incidents where he couldn't control his BDSM fetish and even went to rehab for it?
Because beautiful at all sizes.
This is what happens when you build character and not train intensively.
used to mod for him, he's not nice off camera.
what ak do you have?
Have you ever considered that your devices didn't kick into Doze due to earthquakes?
All the hosts get their partner to give them a handjob under the desk.
Well the Meat Puppets surely did.
[Canucks] I'm sold
isn't it wonderful how the different branches of government watch out for each other?
Because this was apparently intentional.
ikr everyone must find the same games boring as u kek
I don't know about you, but every teacher I ever had in the US public school system was the pinnacle of logical and rational consistency.
Leave that to mid lane.
No, Evolution studios are just wasting their time giving out updates
It's so sad you can't treat a character in a book like a human being just because they have a vagina.
Well otherwise it wouldn't be funny if she didn't
Peep Show
Well you obviously love Bernie...
They should really just change the acronym at this point.
You won't really lose them, you'll be stored on your emuNAND, rather than your sysNAND.
Just don't get hurt.
Those Native Americans are always trying to take stuff from us Europeans
So you've only listened to three Radiohead albums?
You should get a Hellcat Badge and slap him across the face for such blasphemy.
El Salvador is just a test run...
Hey hunny, there is a 9th grade high school student on the phone promoting socialism, let's take him seriously
Yes, Japan is so ethnically homogenous, if only everywhere was like that, if only we could do some sort of ethnic "cleanse" for such a concerning and pressing issue...
Anna Karenina has the best opener ever.
It's a new app...
But Bernie Sanders told me only Republicans like war!
Stamkos for McDavid or Eichle.
Right, because criminals do not deserve healthcare, in fact they are not even human
Men get distracted by their erections and sex drive all the time so they are too primal to make good decisions
Fuck Airtel.Pick ACT.
Director: You're just putting a video on the internet, nobody's gonna notice it.
I'm so scared.
Careful OP everyone else is an agent of Ubisoft trying to build a copyright infringement case against you!
Look at her with her neck beard and fedora.
wow he sucks
Here's a man who knows his law.
At least now she has room to lower rates
But my obesity doesnt affect others!
Not Kali downvote
This might be getting off-topic, but what benefit would there be to keeping anything at all in the traditional IRA (as opposed to converting all of it) and incurring the tax issues?
Only a pro is able to pull off smth like this
Why would Japan have such a priority in missile defense?
It's the clap
this guy gets it
Especially the left one.
I can't believe a contractor of 10 years could create such a detailed install tutorial and pass over this critical detail.
What's wrong with hangouts?
Because insurance companies will drive down prices.
Well this is a Christian nation
Yeah, those AI matches used to be SO boring on Nova
Being held back the white man
Don't think our inheritance gets taxed enough either, can't wait for that to reduce in inequities of the world!
you mean dust12
Now if only those 8 also got killed, this would be my fav vid.
and all it took was not jobbing to cena early on...
McDavid / Eichel rivalry has officially reached Crosby / Giroux level of intensity
I don't get it, this is just a picture of a snow drift.
Oddly enough, $100 in Monopoly money is still worth $100 in Monopoly money today.
You forgot to add the
Wizards is still da debbil though.
so fucking staged
caught the thief!
How shiny like shiny shiny or shiny?\
Yeah, the status quo sure is inspiring :')
Maybe you should be asking your employer why they don't provide you with free meals and heatlth\vision \dental insurance instead of telling her to be grateful!
There is no justice
Yay now I have over 100 different helmets!
Your gf is going to be so disapointed :( Only the second floor, ugh
No unlocks man
Unmodded Oblivion is similar in quality to unmodded Fallout 3.
NOPE gonna have to look in his smartphone to see what's up.
Incredible Mediocrity* IM was truly a god tier korean team
You must not have a television
Prove it, fascist!
Bring her to my place?
Yea, fuck those endangered Red Crown Parrots!
Anyone know where I can get a clear glass cup that size without the whiskers?
Like I said, nothing better to do
Ah my bad, I meant finish as in 2 alone, I never completed revelations and played brotherhood to completion but in much more fragmented sessions.
This gif has to be about 6 or 7 years old by now.
This is totally sustainable guys, and there is absolutely no reason to be concerned.
No, because then my wife would be able to read all of my text messages that I send to my girlfriend.
Okay, anything to make you genuinely believe that Hungarians are not in any way related to Slavs or part of a Slavic substrate.
Yes but Ted Cruz is a complete shithead.
It's not a pc
But he's a racist!
What about those great OBJ and Cruz commercials?
Well, mostly bug fixes and improvements.
Steven only owns second gen.......
when you're global, you can't have a bad day, you're either perfect or a boosted shit
Well you're just a bundle of fun aren't you
May the blessings of Atom shine upon you Brother.
Nah man, it's def gamma, not bs.
The problem is that france has too little muslims so they do this because they are opressed.
I didn't have to do anything, the best friend did it all themselves by being shit on a daily basis, all props go to them , GJ guys.
Money well spent.
wtf?
You dog
He shook God's hand, obviously.
Subway
It really does piss me off when guys like Curry are born with the shooting gene
ITS US AGAINST THE WORLD, I TELL YOU
what a surprise
Context and inflection are excuses for racism.
Well he is right, ravagers suck
Way to fuck us out of another game day auburn
You dropped this
now this girl suffers from a little something called respect for others/elders
I like irony and prefer grass fed beef Congrats OP, you just let everyone know on reddit that you're a complete tool.
You must think I'm a prick but I've never been a cactus, Deep.
I'm offended by the plain red cup.
Not gonna last forever haha
I'm voting trump
Good thing the build it yourself laptop market doesn't exist.
He picked it cause it looks cool
Hillary is a liar.
Russia is a free country!
Yeah well what will you do with the other 43 mins out of your 45 min commute?
Considering that this is a "game".... everything we do in it is a "waste of time".
Then sell the black one and profit, according to this listing.
Instead of yelling "oh god" you just scream "oh me", we don't have to share the credit.
What a disgusting gift when you know what happend to christians in communists country.
yes, we are.
Like you just didn't know or that you thought people still used CDs?
Mine's only 4, she should have plenty of miles left.
This sold out faster than Star Wars did to white slavers.
At the moment, Kevin.
So you really do lurk this sub... Fascinating.
That needs an expert eye right there.
That was pretty sick.
I think if only one guy showed up shed be able to make some guesses on who didn't.
It's a tough, tough ask.
I'm surprised there wasn't an introduction of harder maps / game types with the introduction of Ascendancy since the classes provide such a large buff
fake
They will fight your kids!
That makes me feel worse
das how he judges
It could also be a way to level up or raise pokemon that are posted at a gym...
finite, but still very very big.
The Fugitive
Yeah, I worried this would be survival-horror.
It shouldn't be the players jobs to ban cheaters, this should be part of the antibotting auto detection.
Mannn people are weird.
Depends, does he like Rocket League?
I owned a Skoda in the UK and just bought VW spares for most things.
Like delay between jumps
Hit enter and click on one of the buttons
Doesn't mater really 80 x 0 = 0
I don't think the blanket would help the water get warmer, but water would certainly make the blanket colder.
:(
Imagine where he'd be if he hadnt spent 2 years in the khl, makes this that much more impressive imho
The best place is Wendy's frostie with their fries
black blue?
You and me should post again, what was your role?
The 290 is way better then the 380x.
0/5 not enough ducks
We did it Reddit
Ofc there are that many bots
She's so fine
Win 10 pre-installed game recorder can record previous gameplay.
If we did that, ISIS wouldn't be a threat as they are right now due to us usurping their ruling government.
/*laughs*/ Okay, lets go
People that have high fiber diets are more than welcome because we ran out of pool noodles.
Fallout 5 confirmed.
The League of Despicable Old Men?
Corsair
I helped, also
What channel is Oawn Stars on?
no
Grow up kid.
need to axii them beforehand.
Reduced ammo in the Reaper a long time ago so that doesn't work anymore
See, now this is the kind of shit I wholeheartedly agree with feminists that it's bullshit and just shouldn't be a thing.
The i-95
I don't think there are any mini-ITX motherboards that support FX CPUs.
Better to, to clean out your flash memory.
Texting while driving
Bagged another couple 'a roos today
28 days later?
Track your calories, use My Fitness Pal
Wow how deeeeeeeeeeep!
dude i wish.
Yes please
Instead of people asking if it's worth it to shoot someone over property or self-defense, why don't we ask if stealing something or entering with the intent to harm is worth getting shot, killed or maimed.
just buy a good wired mouse, and a cheap wireless mouse, so you can use the wireless mouse when, well what ever you need the distance for, and the wired one for playing games
This raises an interesting question, wasn't that what you lot said about Miikko?
Because no one could ever support trump seriously.
I cri when my supports go Zeke's then play perma-roamers or back line divers.
I don't find raw dragonfruit to be particularly tasty either...
Better to remain silent and thought a fool, than to speak out and remove all doubt
Rogue penalties are too harsh!
But I pay road tax!
Just how many times this must be posted on r/india to make it into a stickied post ?
oops looks like i picked the wrong race :/
-Jaden Smith AKA ekko
peace
how does that make it a farce?
Well, obviously we can't deny that since you provided irrefutable proof.
Sold them cheap knock off products/rugs But really key terrorists/rebels were believed to be there, idk probably not worth the civilian deaths and hate it breeds but I'm not in the situation room so who knows
but but, what about those ubiquitous laughing clubs?
Is that a raincoat?
Needs more flair.
Cote is my favorite not-the-best-but-not-horrible-and-not-so-well-known fighter.
Feelings hurt M8
Conner is promising!
Prestonwood here in DFW, too.
yes I know wat
The deals aren't that great as the manufacturers produce lower quality products specifically for black Friday.
Well duh- He used logic and was trying to appeal to university students.
Being more akin to berries, that's not too far out.
I'd cheat on Hillary too
Goodness, is he okay?
The serfs were suppose to live on the empty promises of the elite and not ask for more.
Did someone say Reus?
Much anticipated or just pray we get something out of it game against the Kings?
Mallu guys also listen to this..... Awesome man.
escape Doesn't help that the current political party got back in thanks to cartel activity.
Sure thing mate there are plenty of hackers on the ps4
These really look like movie screencaps holy shit
But Curry barely plays because of the blow outs
I have no idea what you're talking about..
you absolutely can, in fractions of coin down to 8 decimal places, pretty much fractions of cents if you could find someone or someplace that would offer it.
Came here to say this exact thing :)
That was a tap in so still no pure goal
Clearly Tango is just biding his time, luring your child in to a false sense of security before he goes in for the kill!
Fuck Seattle, amirite?
It's all a HUGE CONSPIRACY.
He's on a streak though
Am I the only one that read that in the voice of Mr Herbert from family guy?
Hey man, if I'm stuck on 401 for more than 10 minutes, then we're congested as a motherfuck
Yeah bring back the Wiimote... And give it a built in vitality sensor.
Yes, vegans control the National Academy of Sciences.
Don't forget to get out and shitpost!
You can tell, just look at the way he moves and twitches
messenger app?
*whoosh*
We'll get used to
Yeh, sorry I get now why they are taking money.
Well you quickly shifted from a single year to 20 years, which suggests that your original point to which I responded was, in fact, an exaggeration.
ff de poes op de bak zetten
It's HER turn!
cool kid points
VJ base NPCs poss
Time to send him to a seminar
You might be the first person to ever say that.
i like the matte helmet
np fam
Yes, Amir Johnson's ankles fall into the "it all" category of things that Monta Ellis has.
The Star Wars Holiday Special.
Brilliant.
Thanks NDP
I see, figured as much :) ty for confirming!
There's an inordinate amount of furries among Sonic fans as is, so when someone makes a Sonic game with sexual content it's certainly is just to weird everyone out and for laughs.
Truer words have never been spoken.
Yes it is
He was a vegan and promoted animal rights!
I thought holy was removed in MoP, huh TIL.
Vijay seemed kinda sick too
How can devs justify charging $60 in the first place when game development is so easy, anyway?
Murder.
It's not like every other team in Hockey east does that...
I'm sorry you forgot Reddit doesn't understand sarcasm without an
So how long have you worked for the VA?
Obese, sure.
I can't believe it's another button
lol not really.
Seeing as my older son is gay, I'm glad he wasn't forced to earn his eagle scout.
Nope, ray bans, so pretty much the same level of potential douche anyways.
37
I think that is the idea of spacing out the leak
Or place in shower clothed if you're really pressed for time!
Can confirm, Wollaston was literally Hunger Games.
Boise?
First ghostbusters now leatherface
Wars have been fought for millennia, so sending truckloads of weapons into the middle East in 2000s couldn't possibly contribute to war!
A richer person just called in.
He's too old... Do you realize who he's replacing?
The Clinton Foundation
Because if we don't mock those who are different from ourselves, how will we feel good about our empty, hollow lives, and all the dreams we gave up on?
zsh
I think you can do what you want with the console and it wont screw your achievements.
I'm sure it was for the kids
Doesn't Razihel always have a new track with free DL?
Amen brother.
So, a new Priv?
Yabbadabba switcheroo
lol
Another One eyed cantab.
Just admit it, you're enraged!
**GEORGE WASHINGTON**
23.976
And all those paid speeches are for scolding sessions where she tells them what they need to stop doing to the middle class.
They stop growing when they leave the factory, where they get fed silicon, gold, and other transistor friendly food minerals.
post a screenshot of your ticket from mail to be sure it isn't photoshop
Oh ok that's fine then
O I hate her so much, she dosent upload anything of value, she got big because she got made fun of kek
Yeah so lame, they should be in full combat gear and body slamming 12 year olds... not relaxing.
Fake it has 2 box logos
Yeah it's just another right-wing conspiracy
I have 70 left over, want some?
Just reach in and grab it, youre good.
Wait, I thought she wore purple?
And if he killed an enemy instead of a teammate there, he's a genius.
Kept getting badpii over and over today... I wanted a blue one
Well, there's one... fuck it, it's enough!
Which team?
So one scoop every 30 minutes will give me an advantage?
Aww, OP said his first words :) When you're older we'll get you some Cheerwine
I see you have the Instagram filter/border.
How about converting them into housing for refugees?
I'm guessing you mean Lebron playing GM from the TT deal, which is another good point.
That's what successful people keep telling me.
I was not at the game and have a day job, so that empirically proves yes, that is the case.
Who cares about reload times when you never have to reload?
First rule of TIFU: everyone must pretend the story is true
Stop hitting on her!
The only reason we're here is because Antonio Brown was out
More comic genius from Colbert...
Umpires make like 400k+ a year..
Neal Degras Tyson is an African American Hole Sucking the Fun Out of the Universe.
Hahahaha, someone photoshopped eyes on trashbags again?
still gotta wrap it when banging some strange ;)
relevant username
After playing that beta, I'm definitely not getting rid of SWBF2 any time soon.
Most older COD games had a separate executable for the Singleplayer which didn't include VAC, but feel free to act like these cheaters are innocent, it's not like thousands of players have used FOV changers in both SP and MP without any issues.
Yeah, no bandwagon at all on this sub.
If by funny you mean interceptions in critical situations then you'll be happy
I know where you're coming from, just do it with pre war money, you can still feel like a baller.
Damn 5.9 40 is pretty slow
It's the hot hatchback version of a motorized bike.
But the world cup is not till a few year?
Jesus sees you, Jesus saws you.
Well hey if he showers it wouldn't be aids infested right?
Non il est mort.
All the job applications I've seen require references immediately...
don't leave me hangin'
But mens feelings dont matter
Any idea when this will be public?
Compared to Fayyad, Abbas is an extremist.
Wait, you mean to tell me things are out of my control?
What about a bigger tank but I think at some point it would be impossible to have a big enough tank
Hopefully no snow if Peyton is playing haha
Peterson also can't be the best RB at 30
Nonono, muscly guys are clearly a male power fantasy
nah its in french bruh
What's the irony?
...iPhones...gotta love them
You sure you don't want the George Zimmermans of the world patrolling the streets?
Ash with the RC4 as my rifle.
OP, i think you should fuck your boss.
It works for Phoenix Wright!
maybe he just made a mistake?
BUT I CAN NEVER FIND ANY ADVICE ANYWHERE?
the dude above you is a FOOL
If they run it like their NBA organization they will be relegated next split.
you mean your laughing about my cannibalistic behaviors?
first blood = the gold bonus he gets from it in this case.
Yeah, because fuck him for trying to get acceptable performance from his phone, right?
Bape
Bah, everybody knows PFF ratings are complete BS (unless they are saying that person on my team is good).
thornton and marleau
Or, as I like to call them, UAs.
junkie hipsters and meth-head trailer trash we wont miss them in this world
It's devve now
Precisely what I mean.
The internet also encourages the bubble effect: you can always find people who believe your crazy ideas and it is easy to dismiss anyone who disagrees.
Standing there doing nothing until you're told what you're supposed to be doing usually works, or just go do angry dishes.
She could probably throw faster than Haren.
I don't personally care for the pedophile but I'd much rather see players in the skill group they belong in rather than smurfing on matchmaking with a deagle.
But bro, they're going up they might end up being worth more than Kato 15's
I'm not sure why more people dont put their 6'5'' LB in front of the receiver.
Out of one time
Marketing wording, it gets me every time.
Well, *obviously* he can't be pro-choice and supportive of Planned Parenthood because he's not a woman...
Conor is scared.
The world of full of coincidences.
ITS CROSSFIT BRO YOU WOULDNT UNDERSTAND, CUZ ITS CROSSFIT AND ITS THE BEST!
NFC SOUTH GET...... REAAAAADDDY
Knowing how this works, I'll now get a flood of complaints for approving what some would consider this attempt to encourage brigading
We are converting goals into points more efficiently at least
Would my baldies that don't pass the penny test be fine?
What does that hotshot pilot/ex-con have to do with anything?
No one attending events should be practicing on ladders lol
Well that and FX said that they needed a big name to come on board
bungie hasn't acknowledged that the game is dying a slow painful death and you are worried about a melee
So you're saying they didn't give baby monkeys vaccines in order to induce autism?
Oh well it was on youtube, so it must be true.
Scheana is an ass kisser, colour me surprised.
I'm loving Telles on offensive games, he was brilliant in this match
You need to be on SRS mister.
The dino or the wife?
Clearly that means men have it worse than women because we are PMSing 24/7.
Bruh but I've like bought one mod and a tank and a RTA I'm totally an expert
Whoops, should have added a
Nah, Bugs was kissing men, so it was funny since men being raped is hilarious.
Gotta love CS:GO!
Yeah just like nobody cared abouy Apdos ban
But people with boobs only do things for attention/money/dick!
That would just be an obvious waste of money
Probably pretty dead, but at least those damn vaccines wouldn't be giving everyone autism.
OMG poor road work and lawn maintenance on a row of abandoned buildings!
From the inevitable bankruptcy that Reddit/the Internet believes is coming
Ya think?
Yeah, fuck Adam Driver.
Yeah, to hell with people and their facts!
The boos are really going to sway undecided voters
Like being Gay, Cancer is a choice
stop stealing YouTube comments
All sand monkies are the same
That'll teach kids to appreciate reading and the library definitely
Heath Ledger
Nor do you in Australia.
No it means the game is balanced.
I'm quite often experiencing stutters while playing back; what is the best cache cleaning method?
Adblock on chrome with acceptable ads disabled Or Relay for reddit on android No more time wasted
I don't think you understand how people contract AIDS.
Just a house at the canal, oh what I would give for such a house.
Are you my wife?
No natural wonder 0/10
Way to go Hill, lock down that pity vote.
talking to either a DOL lawyer (which you don't have to pay for) or your own attorney, who took it on contingency.
Wow great buildup, everyone is surprised
the law of large numbers means that you cant represent large numbers using a byte
God made cats look like pairs to test our faith you moron
Joel Anthony half
Why pay thousands for a few extra pixels and frames.. You PC douchebag elitists..
Oh I forgot, wealthy people are the embodiment of divine truth so if they declare something law it must be legitimate.
Sorry it was
Yeah should have been remembered as the dude with the sweet gun and Sword obviously, that's the thing that sticks out the most with him.
they came from the same race the jewish people did.
LET'S FIGHT WITH OUR BRETHREN FANS ABOUT HOW WE WERE RIGHT!
Needs
C'mon, uplay is great
You missed out on the beta, didn't you?
Hey I can't have her kicking my ass now.
Untergang des Abendlandes confirmed.
Yeah because Corporate totally cares
The guy from Global Guts?
Well, you are a man, doesn't that pretty much mean you are worse than Satan?
8 hour arm workout
The man drove Bin Laden around.. but no, diffidently zero affiliation with terrorism.
Yeah I live dangerously
8
Yes ma'am, unfortunately
lsus?
But what if your employee has *talent* and is a "team leader"
Im sure Conservatives looking to "flee Obama's America" will love this...
You take your common sense and fuck right off!
Yeah Grady would have been so much better
And they can't just reskin him, they would actually have to code too.
it worked :)
Wow, I'm hurt
I mean you Aryan bastards did almost try and take over the world
Obvious attack on Christianity
Hit em with it to remind them it's actually a brick.
You can use the generally accepted
You dropped the
Which is why you build the fence on only one side.
No, art.
obviously for the people who haven't got to the part where they recruit sanji yet.
Hey now, black violence doesn't count, and it's not terrorism when white people do it.
Yeah its all America's fault
Yeah I haven't hit 60 fps since I bought the damn game
If it wasn't for this being reposted every day I'd never have seen it!
All Lives Matter, except refugees of course.
I love the back tracking after you realise what it is.
You're not owed respect shitlord.
I can't wait to hear about this kids life as she grows up
Yeah, because this is definitely an isolated incident that is in no way part of a larger trend.
Oh they all look the same to you don't they!
Dont say this man, by saying this we are only proving his point.
Ain't like nobody doesn't ever read those grammar books anyways
LoL rape.
238lbs is just a smallfat
Great contribution to the discussion
u fkn weeb m8 i dare u to try
But look at those MASSIVE clouds of pollution coming out of them
Markstrom totally deserved that!
Open a dance studio.
I was considering a Kalil jersey, but thought better of it.
Jesus will magically transfer all the needed nutrients to her body via prayer IV, doncha know.
I feel like the side gravity is pushing me left at all times!
Yea, totes deserves to die
thank you friend
Oh man he's really missing out on that TWO energy shield.
You realize a shitpost is actually a shitpost when shitcomments below get more attention than the shitpost itself.
Oh I was so worried
Well why do you think ISIS had so much control of there country..not because lack of training right... its because the men were in the kitchen while women were out fighting right
Nope tried twice and didn't So I'll make my own karma whore club
google it
Thats perfectkickz, this is perfectkicks
I only ever do that anyways
And he thought he was being sneaky
Also he is 100k less then wes :)
I agree, it would be nice but he is no upgrade.
I think it's important to mention that the cost is only for the data, and does not include the charge for voice and text or any other charges.
It's good to hear a true conservative voice every now and then.
It's utter nonsense.
Not much :P I don't see it being *too* hard though.
relevant username
Have fun out there.
crazy to think his last real win was 2 years ago and hes somehow swindled his way into a title shot while either Rory or Wonderboy are is gonna get knocked off in the process
Since most of them still live with mom and spend all of their lunch money on weed, I am guessing it is a rather short hurdle to be considered "wealthy" by their standards.
True
I'm too high for this...
considering Ive never played FO1 or 2 and dont know anybody who has, thats not very shocking
No.
Well unless he had a friend come In and confirm that a sexual assault did indeed happen, I'm gonna have to not believe you
I already have.
Oh shit, it's marketing for the new Doom game that comes out in a few weeks.
I choose LSD
For Gearfire, yes.
Ouraborussing is fun to watch, though.
No, but don't cheat.
I tried that, it whirred for a while and then rebooted and stayed on the Google logo for an hour.
Right...
Top kek Bernie BTFO, by reddit of all places
In America, the unemployed can't pay for the cost of a legal battle, so it's not a worry for companies.
everyone lining up to coach that young team.
We'll watch the April 26th meme die when we find out it's actually coming out May 14th
If that were true Ted Cruz would've been long dead.
Shot Package: Aiming Down Sights narrows the spread of the projectiles
Well they did receive the necessary military training from the USA
That's what they said about the cumbox.
Reasonable comment, so by r/nfl bylaws you were downvoted.
So he can personally tell them how great bernie is.
Florida has much different population density than Mass.
Just because pretty much every economist agrees with Cruz doesn't make him right.
Meanwhile, in Flint
I don't want no taxes!
So deep put her butt to sleep
I believe what they're trying to say is that OP shouldn't let the boyfriends insecurities affect her professional life (ie, quit because he wants her to).
Trade verified!
I blame myself when I miss my knife shots.
You forgot to pluralize freight train.
yes, this is basically everyone in the movement.
Try me Ryan I will easily vote democrat.
three words: wouldn't make a difference.
Why won't someone think of the children!
buuuuuuuuuuut she is all skillshots so how can she be easy!
The fact that some people go out of their way to see Tom Papa tells you that democracy is a failed experiment.
Added ya :)
Because if 'Pros' cheat, they cheat in official matches...
You should have TPed in level 2 and saved them shitter
Something something sexism for implying women can't drive cars
Perhaps next time it should be mandatory?
Thats how my last Asp died.
I have everything but new world, is that needed
Am I?....
Still have a hard time understand the post flashpoint logic explaining that Bruce had the time to go through dick, jason, tim and damian in 5 years...
Mods please remove this crap.
When is sexual assault a gimmick?
The reaaon why i bought a PC
I should have seen this coming.
They are still taking him to court via proxy, so they're probably still a little upset.
Use
...someone in the US found an injured tiger...just roamin around...?
It also isn't the first piece.
You are in the deer's backyard, not the other way around.
Haha I remember finding out I could do this while doing Fremmenik Trials, too bad I didn't know about it at the beginning of the quest when you need to do the most walking...
Take on a ride on 495 through lowell and andover and you might see why.
One clogged nostril.
Sperry is releasing them, and I am not buying them.
Assuming your TV can play videos from a USB stick, yes, but you'll need to change the extension to .mp4 to make it work.
He probably won't sign either
How could they have not tested it?
When's the soonest plane ticket to Russia?
Isn't one of DDPs most famous videos on DDP yoga basically a war veteran who couldn't walk for shit and now he's just fine?
No we don't ... this is stupid Now get off my lawn
Ain't no button for wet weather like a Jenson Button.
Haven't we already done that?
They can't even check whether the picture they're posting is ''correct'' it's not even a hidden bug.
Pssshhhh, next you'll claim there's a difference between crony capitalism and anarcho capitalism.
And RVD on Fb
That may have something to do with boot camp training methods, where (if movies and TV are to be believed), soldiers are repeatedly told that they are worthless maggots by gruff but good-hearted drill sergeants.
Her face can be accurately described with the c: emoticon.
Being born in a RICH family is.
My honest opinion: LOL Literally, I will laugh at anyone who thinks or says that.
Only thing I see confirmed here is your crybaby status.
are you serious
Don't forget your towel
Don't adult too much
Same here.
id pick it up if it was a little cheaper for sure
Quivered
Nope, I reckon it's photoshopped
Gibson has potential to be in the Price/Lundqvist category, though.
I think that number is much higher than it needs to be, we should kill you for exaggerating the problem.
Maybe I'm just closed minded but if you want to play in a casual setting why would you play in a mode that is called "competitive"?
Dual wielding forks is very rich tradition.
If you want to use anthems, use ones like Beastmaster Ascension or Coat of Arms that go big in value for the instant win.
How you can be so gay.
.09 above average.
Some pretty alternative wording and structure there..
Sorry, my Dad is Benjamin Button and we're looking for pre-schools for him.
It's less than the cost of a new iPhone to get certified ffs
In other words, it would be just like Brood War PvT?
You are probably thinking of NuRavu, aka the Horsemen + Rocky + Dreamz + Lisi
Yeah, because the votes of a select few on a subreddit are representative of most people in the country.
How about the US put its military on hold for an hour and boom, problem solved.
Source is literally in the article.
**score**
Right, that's why lots of their new comics are about the X-Men, Wolverine, or Deadpool.
But if everyone changes to the same tone you wont hear that siren
That is the most reasonable explanation I've heard for the presence of the puppy.
It means penis.
The Chilling Tale of Freeze's inability to make the right choices in regard of picking teams (Also, he's making good money, but he got into the renegades really quickly in the off season... i'm pretty sure more orgs would come along and pay the same amount he's getting...)
Or that dude who can't spell his own name.
Boltcaster
That and trying to enslave anyone they came in contact with.
Yeah I think he's more likely to go to Milan or Chelsea
I'm starting to think that NK *really* has no idea what they're up against.
You're trying to argue against the entire point of the *"Watchmen"* Good luck.
Sucks
If you wanna post me_irl content maybe go to that subreddit?
Is this one of the guys who use crutches to get more money without actually needing them?
Yeah, I went through and completed all the predator missions - just that one Robin level spoiling the list.
HOW DARE HE PASS A SLOW MOVING TRUCK IN THE FAST LANE
Pretty sure Bernie's education plan will mean everyone gets to go to college for free and get paid to be there
Do you want to play video games?
Is that why he has a saint's name?
Antisocial.
Well, you could move all the homeless there and then when the flooding happens at least the homeless problem is solved
Congrats op, don't fuck it up by doing something stupid like being yourself
Tfw OP think p2w will last longer than oldschool
I think you mean Dempsey's second goal?
Sure!
steel ratings don't melt
Are you fucking serious?
Well isn't that a big surprise
OP is obviously in a different timezone
Beefcake/10, be careful not to confuse Soren.
even i know that if you pizza when you french fry youre gonna have a bad time
Ahh I getcha, that's why I was confused but I guess it was part of the joke after all.
GIF?
what a fucking chip by AuBatmeyang
My country read your comment, and 51% of them disagree with you.
You going to school for CS?
Memes so dank they give you lung cancer
Nope all
If the computer knows what and where the problem is it should just fix it for me.
i wish that someone where selling a mirror worthy data center
So... Books rot your brain more than video games?
There is no person of colour in this image, you oppresive, white-privilege-wearing racist fascist.
But can't murderers vote as long as they're not convicted felons?
Don't you know having to show an ID to vote was something they did in apartheid south africa too?
That's a reason to better understand statistics not to abandon looking at evidence all together.
no bro it's a simple Microsoft paint job!
So that's not the reason for invading Czechoslovakia?
To be fair, there are roughly 1000x more fat people than trans people.
Nothing hateful about this comment at all.
Pretty sure his point was the Bengals could still kill Johnny before the game ends.
i'm going to upgrade my home theater to Steph Curry 5.1
I think they're $2 each.
dat chain rust though..
Just five more years of Boston faceplanting so we can get ourselves into the playoffs to make the longest all time ever streak, no big deal.
What's dumb to me is that despite Stonetalon storyline for the Horde: [Garrosh does the same shit to Theramore]
this is a bad list
Well they paid for it, so they should get whatever they want, right?
I hate to say it, but... I Knew something like this will happen
Oh, c'mon, you-know-who.
Found the Devils fan
I honestly can't think of any skillshots that do this for which it isn't important.
damn, I guess that whole "party of personal responsibility" only applies to us common folk.
:((((((((
I swear that one day I will donate to your patreon...and I will commission work for all the best pegasus riders (after all we both are leg men).
Nah that was obviously a quote from he-man, check yourself before you Rekt yourself
Who does that?
But this won't work if i wanted to flash the update...
You're right, it's impossible for someone who donates to charity to be rude to customers.
Rath
Yep Blazers won it was awesome.
It seems to be working well for Blizzard (not trying to be snarky).
Charge him for an extra person....
almost
yeah the world record is like 2.40, 2.30 is just a good rating not insane
Day 111: my escape attempt failed once again, but I am gaining favor with the tall one.
Thanks Obama, I can't wait for my mom/female friends to be raped!
Yep, because every country's citizens LOVE foreign military occupation.
You can't buy caring **so you mandate it**
good luck in your recovery!
My movement feels like i just brought csgo and im having trouble fragging someone that keeps instant headshotting me
Good answer
Yeah, but he got that scar on his head!
yes because we all know how OP rogue is right now
Its because of okupashun!
Yeah you're right, getting 60k raw metal per run is totally inefficient!
Whats the scientific name of a hippo?
this is what prince would of wanted.
hey atleast we improve so we dont need to play with them look at NA being all nice to eachother and ending up stuck in silver
Nope, you are the idiot my friend..
warm
You could send it out to me for a small fee
Wait, you don't like chest balloons?
So basically the only countries that matter.
Looking forward to it...
It is on an qwertz keyboard.
Waiting for nex gen is kinda dum too, you in 2 years there will be somethink better
I'm sorry, but didn't you hear, only transpersons in public restrooms can be threats to children.
Cousins is exactly the attitude we need!
Why isnt he also supporting the most oppressed minority of all: the atheist
Yes, we all know his Twitch personality is his actual personality in real life.
Sounds hilarious
ok thanks
damn
but sanders is giving me _free stuff_
Yum
Vinegar is so goddamn good idk how people say this
nardwuar with the 2015 aesthetic shirt, my dude &lt;3
Wow, never seen that before!
Morgan Freeman.
TIL: ranch is vegan
holy shit this fucking event supposed to finish in summer x(
That's true
Yes a cut or punch in the face means you are literally brain dead.
I can do it #iRacing
Or Jerry Seinfeld.
Lain on the front page!
Of course not, because I have gotten biology education starting from middle school and I can imagine all the human body with all its systems when I stare at someone, so that I'd actually not be seeing something too abnormal or something I've no knowledge of.
I cannot STAND people who get huffy when you don't thank them for unsolicited comments on your body.
In such a scenario each country would have its own visa rules and you could end up getting even more than 90 days, like 6 months, or you could get even less
adreN pls...
No it was one and the two read the bible please !
Trying to hard to be death grips
I'd suggest 99 minimum...
Is rather be fat and happy than thin and miserable!
Found who should've played spiderman in civil war!
what is this transmog pcs thing?
But neighborhoods are the best place...
Trying to save the economy eh...
You are so racist that you like his profile in the first place, just to put him down later !
The best part is, you got it for something that wasn't even yours!
You're right, big dreams aren't worth trying for when you can half ass it so much easier.
this many
ok Shh is bby
Because if you use a fake name for a facebook account, facebook will hunt you and ban you
Or perhaps because English is not our first, our second, or even our third language.
Then that just means you're a neckbeard.
I notice full time mom isn't on the list, probably because it's the hardest job in the world!
Well Fox news is clearly an unbiased news source so any disagreements guests could have with them could not possibly be biased
i believe it's a BS one
Because only idiots get into car accidents.
Should have definitely gone George of the Jungle route with the gorillas
There is no way this could possibly go wrong.
So this is what the superbowl commercial is about!
what if he just wants someone rich to get so fed up with him that they pay for him to go to space; and that's what he wanted all along
Hone$tly, what el$e i$ there to look at be$sides $ucce$$ on the field?
Are you forgetting about our friend Hussein?
Nice username
Wow that was amazing, thanks!
That's the thing, he was ahead of Junior, a major no-no
But one is a crime problem, and the other is a public health problem.
Flusha got a new aim lock
*scritch scritch scritch scritch* twirlll *scritch scritch*
Clearly, he knows everything about being chill.
Clearly the cop for having the audacity to walk by this immature fuck.
Don't have sex ^
Nice to see they've got their priorities straight!
You forgot
As opposed to the rich and vibrant market of todays economy.
What is a good Toronto strip club to take a girlfriend to?
or you can inject it, but then youll die after 3 whole marijuanas
Dad jokes
Yeah why don't we throw another future top line defender at the Caps for his rights.
So ugly
But how else would we make rural voters' votes count for more than urban voters' votes?
that's a myth perpetuated by the progressives
That axial loading tho
You dropped this
we need something to denote serious... I vote
But I gotta get those dank 980 dizzy twist jetpulse walkerbang cliffstalls for me montage mate.
512 this is my game, I made this
Because they make enough money streaming with half their tits hangin out.
nah man that can't be it
But you learned your lesson, didn't you?
Hypergamy.
You don't?
Government is just a word for things we do together!
Because it has commercials and we love commercials!
Ekko already did it, and hes a young Lucian but one thing at a time.
5ks browse /new, 3ks browse /hot
First game ever trying smite and the game server crashed.. fuck this game
Share.
So I'm guessing the new digital taxes are to discourage buying anything
yosenju kama 1 :)
Yeah but if it's true... what a prank!
I have never seen any of these theories before.
Yes but we're talking about -i dummy
Foxy is a good guy
Serve per abbassare di un punto il calo
Damn, Clinton is buying towns now for support?
We have zero nazi groups in Ukraine!
However, if you put Friedman in charge of some Chilean students, you get Pinochet, which is *totally* justifiable.
You seem like a trustworthy guy, I believe you
Maybe this is not just the best place to post this, apple fans get angry easily.
Too much time for parenting.
:^)
pls
Obligatoriu
I love redefining negative words so that they only apply when I say they do.
STFU!
That was a great first period boys!
But I don't get why they couldn't just ship more food overnight?
How dare you insinuate that undocumented workers pay no taxes Don't you know society would collapse without illegals?
yep.. that's how you prepare them for the real world
He killed those babies in self defense!
They just need Johnny Depp to play him!
Pro'lly the grave.
Here in the land of the free we ain't allowed to form our own opinions
Must be nice to live in a stake like OP's where the most pressing issue is the color of a deacon's tie.
VAC time.
Well at least **somebody** is trying to think of creative solutions to combat Europe's hilarious birth rate.
I'd say LEM is the first rank where people start being good (like me).
Dada did 40 and he was fine
Turning the water cannons on marching LGBT groups is very tolerant, after all they were just dehydrated, right?
Too bad history isn't as emphasized.
I think you dropped this.
But they would only use it on terrorists!
Gee, wonder why the Democratic Party establishment doesn't hold the California primary in February?
But in India only dalaal thrives
That's because we did, duh.
Except packaging engineers make 80 grand a year out of college.
Forgot to fill in the Lightning one
Ah, so... no link eh?
Well I lost Steve Smith, lets call it "A Smith to Remember"
Yep, pretty much every RPG ever = lazy game design....
What no way dude selling a game before the devs want it out is super duper illegal that guy deserves life in jail!
Another reason to have hot desks.
Oh, well in that case, all Jews are guilty of murder.
THE UNBREAKABLE KIMMY SCHMIDT
U sure its a 767?
OMFG there you go again, being annoying
How is that getting defensive?
Untrue story if not involving visor.
But corporations are people too
You don't know shit
Hey is it to late to party?
Elemental.
I lost my fucking p250 sand dune, goddamn it mouz
Please, we all know it's just torrents.
Ugh, Forrest just tryin'a stay relevant Go Chael yourself somewhere else Guy
Obviously the jews trying to make Islam looks bad
And while we're at it please disable all champions with guns.
Dude I have the same lamp, but blue
Because only whites can be racist.
Right, because socialism never killed anyone.
So these people have a time machine and went back to the 1990s when you may have found a shop that actually did that?
And people don't giving a damn about LoL will obviously give a damn about the lore of this RTS
You're right, picking up power ups to get in a vehicle is so much more fun!
Fragile masculinity
Um okay I'm like right here.
Also
All pc's are beautiful, stop the impossible standards
That doesn't count because he was one of the "highly trained" police officers that are the only ones that should have access to "those types" of weapons.
So it begins...
You aren't providing your kids proper cultural enrichment obviously.
Those new jerseys though...
Gujjew spotted!
Its ghetty you uneducated cretin
But according to Obama, Syria will be different!
No this guy's problem is he just isn't playing the right video games
Because governments have historically done such a good job of ensuring individuals' rights.
Invite some naga families for a month long vacation.
That's the "new" Daiya
Ahh yes, I remember when Ghandi started a world war.
Shocked
But hey its ok, no moving parts so it least it won't break right?
Without actual facts behind the capabilities of this snooping technology, we're all stipulating here.
Hurry, lets put the Republicans back into power so they can turn it back into a deficit!
Yea, we need to stop those damn Californians from getting into California!
Berbatov has a better workrate than the mods
Yea, all those criminals with concealed carry permits are really terrorizing us!
I'd be saying the same thing if my team had a load of extra wind tunnel time because of a relationship with a new team
Because the fallout universe is going to be real life in 30 years so we all want to know where our power armor will be.
Quickly broke up....with your fists right?
You do.
ITT: Shitty comments that don't express just how fucking amazing this really is.
And phones can tell whether it's on WiFi or 4G, laptops connected to hotspots can't.
Do you mean "spread out throughout the site"?
I have no idea what this all means, but okay.
Day Six can still be pretty on point.
Welcome to the Great Recession.
The clocks tickin' I'm just countin the hours until he's potus.
Kiss my ass with this tired old claim you self righteous casuals
They both belong to the discography of arguably one of the biggest names in dance music so I doubt you'll have any trouble finding either of them.
Well then, I shall, today, not cry over my terrible grammar.
If it does, then the pets need to be better at protecting it.
Especially since we can't get there to disable it.
mk
Now I want Nathan Explosion to officiate my wedding
Was he really much worse than ponder though?
I loved the ghost leaderboard but hated the killfeed
Pro Tip:Remember to take your crucial documents before you RUN AWAY FROM HOME FOR GOOD.
And barbed, and on fire.
I tried, it isn't effective.
It's just what "hyperspace" is called in Elite, that weirdness you see when jumping to a new system.
What is it?
What, did you expect an actual fan to write the articles?
Good for her.
This was a long time ago, but in some sort of online forum someone brought it up and they laughed about it and said they needed to fix it or something.
Playstation had to wait a month for AWs patches so....
Maybe without the 3D part.
I thought it was obvious who was Prime Minister of Canada...
That looked fucking brutal :D
Dude, her campaign speech is literally DON'T YOU WANT TO SEE A WOMAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE
I'd be willing to vandalize her bike and repay her after years of adventures!
the sword looks too small as well
YOU CANNOT CONTAIN ME!
I'd prefer dropping 100k's of in-game gold than spend RL money on it honestly
Do you think he would rather retire than take the suspension?
Cgi bill murray
Risky business
How could higher be atheist if he's not real
Because Obama likes it.
Not so fast friend.
Imagine the salt when people matchmake into a Raid, just imagine it; I mean, you get complains of max level players going AFK in *level 12* strikes, can you imagine how a NF or Raid will play out?
But its teh genetics that no one else had 25 years ago!
I wish this was drawn in a more realistic style
And people say hunters are broken...
and imaqtpie: God Bless and welcome to the Big Dick Club
and they would have said 'Stop worrying so much and grab another beer'.
Chapter near the beginning in which qingye's teacher discovers that her 54 veins were unlocked
Well, they are the job creators for our job creators
Then add
Or not build in Tornado Alley?
Sausage*
But you could use the animals AS the food rations....
Stalker's Blade - Warrior, Youmuu's Ghostblade, Boots of Lucidity, Death's Dance, Ravenous Hydra and Maw of Malmortius.
:([{}])
Doesn't sound like it's off screen, it's probably when you are captured/frozen.
They are gonna get a nasty shock when they discover the sleeve surgery isn't reversible like the band.
Don't try to use your logic or reason, they're not welcomed here!
should be fine as long as you don't have any case fans exhausting air.
Maybe in the south.
Seeing Dick Clark reminded me of how irritating it was to have someone like him intruding on what you actually wanted to see.
Who?
I remember a Top 14 game between Brive and Toulon (I think) which went something like 6-3, a few years ago.
Sounds good!
Is your space bar stuck down?
I've played against Pasha, GMX, Guardian, Mystic, Seized, Zeus, and even God Hunden at Lem matchmaking.
Yes, do it
+10 Damage and Agility while flying.
It should be noted that much of Oahu's water is still serviced via clay pipes which are permeable
Adrian?
Hallelujah, lets hope thus really gets the team going
Yup, they won't make up for it if women aren't attracted to you.
That's because the TH now holds 10k de.
I suppose, in that same session, I could also shrink my /home (on HDD) and put swap there?
Yup
It's a good sleeve if your deck isn't the highest of rarity In particular, the Performage pendulum deck is basically all supers and lower, so the pro matte aquas look sick on my main deck
Cut into usable chunks and freeze them
YAS PEGGY YAS JOAN YAAAASSSS
Coupons are the SHIIIT!
nope.
Obviously you missed... Must be a silver
Bet it also has one of those shoulder things that go up.
How do you guys estimate the balance?
Cheating Maiar bastards, hacking all day erryday.
If you have like Janna or Braum Miss Fortune is great vs Vayne.
Yeah and LB is sooo balanced after all...
Then you're wrong, and don't deserve to use any video editing software!
Pshh, he doesn't even have to lift the weight of his legs, I'm not even impressed.
shut up you gay retard
Actually, this regulation reinforces that these are considered aircraft by the FAA, in which case you would be firing on an aircraft in the national airspace, subject to prosecution under the relevant laws.
Depends on the day of the week
You should buy it cause I want to see what kind of shit they came up with.
Came here to say this!
Yes because all those genocides were made in the name of the religion called Atheism.
It's not happened to me, but I did see a Muradin who constantly kept trying to hearthstone while fighting.
Is extreme narcissism a legimate disorder?
Well he's right on this post, so yeah you have!
play CEVO/MLG League, go pro, not worry about cheats
But the nfl reviewed the play and still fined your guy so it was clearly the right call...
Those women clearly have internalized misogyny.
It may but I've found that after a little while you stop noticing it for the most part because you smell like it too, if you are eating it that is which I do plenty of.
Yes but he didn't invent the one handed catch
Check the beef broth maybe, sometimes that kind of stuff gets hot.
Console peasants trying to justify a fee to be able to play online but hey they get "free" games each month.
You could say the same thing about the F-14, it was meant to use the same engines and avionics as the F-111, didn't work out as well.
Slow down!
But, but, he stands in front of that golden Muslim prayer curtain!
Yeah, fuck anyone having issues, as long as I have mine.
You should feel bad.
Ya, Trump is waaay more ethical than sanders
Aprilia, back when he was on 250s, anyway.
But DOS is more complicated.
This was such a stupid pick but all I see is other Giants fans going "OMG OLINE AWESOME", this dude's a project and when your QB is 34 years old a project is a terrible pick
vote democrat, because its not voting against yourself
Chocolate for dinner!
Us too here in Perth
I meant an official and same one that both websites would use, like AW did.
B-b-but I though Linux wasn't ready for production environments
Because no young girls are ever.. ever attracted to older men...ever.
A little-known game called Freelancer, which Chris Roberts was also a huge part of.
But you're supposed to fight the way *I* wanna fight!
I'm not gonna hurt you, gingerbread Wendy...I'm just gonna bite your fucking head off!
Are you a TSM fan?
I was surprised to hear there were any there at all considering it's so dang hot.
3014 thanks
A New Hope so you can get all the callbacks.
Yeah...that's why you should go to college Billy, so you can live simple and not buy things.
Dude, this is like, common knowledge.
I'd wait right the fuck there for that fucker to come outside, frankly.
Ikr, it's cinematic, and your eyes can't see all that detail anyways
respost
There's always rape!
Ross did.
Haha you don't need to justify it to me, I was just giving you a hard time ;D
Mine has different apps and different wallpaper
YOUR STOLEN GOODS ARE NOW FORFEIT
y algun diplomita....
It's ok, she's a reporter!
Is Saban losing control of the team?
Cod4 old school mode...
Ginger you fucking racist bitch
He meant to say "face duck you"
This works, when delivered correctly
Yeah, just do the 12 steps program.
Discounts for a regular customer?
I know where you're coming from but fun people are fun people regardless of it they're next-door neighbours or exotic foreigners.
And prostitution is still illegal all over the US.
Similar question: what do democratic socialists think a revolution looks like?
Oooh, that's another good idea.
I agree
I also enjoyed the shit out of 324, I believe it's the same vocal.
Why, he sounds like a delightful child.
Notifications from the steam app dont work at all for me on 5.1 so its not a flaw for me
Eh, I must be tired.
Your move, Nike.
It's why part of me leans a bit towards a formal NDP/Lib coalition with Trudeau as PM and whoever leads NDP as deputy PM.
I've seen this book in a lot of different posts, does anyone know what the book actually is?
My heart can't handle this cuteness, you've doomed us all OP.
Pigs have a strong skin ;) i love how he deals with the haters *-*
Even if...who cares for this shitty aegis in the fountain
But he's still not playing the right way.
real players beat the game without spending any gold on items
More often than we'd like to.
..but the pun!
Hayden Christiansen still has a career?
Sorry?
Doing her twice won't be quite right, his girlfriend screwed two strippers, he needs two of her friends at the same time preferably.
Henry Ford actually knew what was going on in the world, unlike leftist pussies.
Hmm... What about an ICTV reskin, so we can use an armor of the bulldozer.^Maybe?^Please?^:(
Steve Reeves is the ideal physique
You forgot the
Leave it to the_wop to have Dawkins day one...
At least he had the decency to inform the owner!
I think your on to something
brb killing cat
That kid is going to grow up to have totally normal relationships with women.
OK
Love me some of that 60fps angry birds!
Normally I would agree but I need to put the tie on to tie no touching.
It was originally a day game.... ESPN wanted the game and made them change to 8.
Weight reduction.
Like the back of a Volkswagen?
Agreed, Ziggs, Ezreal and other champs like that are not innovative or well designed in my opinion but they are still fun as heck
Nah man, that's an easy tap in.
But Muschamp will fix it and Jeremy Johnson is a heisman candidate
Is that you, sailor-man &lt;3?
No.
It's based on the completly idiotic idea that all men are born free and equal
That'll come in handy the next time she is charged by a moose.
They need to cancel Oktoberfest, all the drinking might offend the poor refugees.
you must be new so i'll keep it simple: BOOTIN LIKE A BOSS AND HAVING THE BIGGEST E-PEEN AKA PARAGONZZ BRO
It's not?
If you haven't had differential equations and 3 semesters of physics, you shouldn't even have a driver's license.
Trying to do 54 on my barb just to get on the leaderboards and i can't for god sake, luckily i have a shitload of 54s to burn.
Russia is more meme than country.
Yuck, stop being so shallow!
Look at the color of the symbol man.
Gib SNSR regionalization
Of course no one could like you, because they don't like you (ns), but then of course they don't really like anyone that isn't spit shinning the floor they walk on, and even then they just tolerate you better.
This song will always be "that Rocket Power race song" to me
Yeah for sure.
Then they'd have to admit that she's not a woman, or a "POC", and that would literally kill them.
LaserID
Gratz Frankie!
Yes.
The 390x was released well after this sub was created, so this is BS.
Aaron Rodgers is entirely the product of training under Brett Farve and would be just as amazing even behind the Jaguars O-line.
Time isn't scarce so how can you waste it
Yeah, I can't believe that the whole thing isn't going to end in part 12
Well then that means my 4790K is a 36.8 GHz CPU....
Olive juice, OP.
Ender from Ender's Game.
Glad to see Australia is focusing on the important issues
But, but I want to be able to have the same stuff as millionares who worked their way up the social ladder for free!
But I mean he couldn't even beat Phil heath, or flex Lewis...
So basically, Reddit.
REKT!
I believe in a recent creation of six literal days because of the testimony of the creator
Well of course the guy who loses all the time would say that.
That's me when I see my faves tbh
Yeah their defenses are exactly the same, pretty fair to compare them straight up.
Califor-Nya-Nya!
Fuck now I feel like an idiot for missing the
Holy shit... I wish there were a distance statistic
BOXBOY!
You aren't allowed to say anything negative about somebody's sincere religious beliefs.
Needs more james
Great Video, thank you so much!
Lol I'll take it.
You seam REALLY sure of yourself with that bet on the internet
Othello
I have asthma.
Niqab's of course
Yeah me too
Be like the unrealistic father figure she never had.
I said full for a reason
But, but, poisoned blade is pretty good in other classes.
Diving elbow to the head/face in retaliation for a clean hit - you're right, totally just 10 minutes.
Thanks for the explanation.
Because this show has a reputation for explaining everything and wrapping up loose ends in a nice neat little package.
Great video
You may know it as Myanmar Elaine, but it will always be Burma to me.
Yeah because kids never get hurt and are rarely in large groups.
Sheik is very underrated.
They have the freedom not to be pestered with workers right, right to healthcare and maternity and paid holidays like those commie Brits do
Yeah but see we're american, so we don't have to care about other celebrities we don't already know.
*photo's It's like you didn't even read the sign!
Getting new friends as an adult is so easy.
A modern VAG petrol engine consumed 0.8L/h when idle, it's not a lot
But he ruined two good seasons of hockey to forward his business agenda that is totally wrong and has been since he started!
If you inhaled that jet, you would sexually identify as an attack helicopter
Of COURSE you MUST have weird shaped boobs just because you don't want to share them with him!
Obviously, the only answer is "The Wonderlic"
I want it to shoot rainbows when the alarm rings.
Well, at least we know you have your priorities straight
Jeez, I wonder what genre it will be.
I can't wait
also learn to code
But, omg, how can you have social anxiety if you're in sales?
It's a thunderstorm nightmare dolphin flip
Yeah Garen and Darius totally need skillshots, that'll fit their kit
Don't ever disagree with Reddits savoir.
Onto Los Angeles
It's not like it split the photodiodes on *every single pixel* into two for rock solid autofocus in video, or produced the highest resolution 35mm sensor ever... Not to mention all of the amazing lenses it hasn't released recently.
It'll tag every enemy for you and show you where all the crafting material is 200 yards away
but oh dear you have a great reputation!
Lol I traded away Christene Michael for Freeman and Hopkins in my brother's league!
Trade Larkin for Tootoo
No but you can fire them for missing an important meeting.
I perceive from a superior intellect and beyond this petty propaganda
Yeah, the red dot sight, and the low profile suppressor
If I bash my head on it do I get $1?
Know anyone who can get me on?
Whoever is organizing this AMA isn't doing a very good job.
Roleplay
But shitstorms are always so much fun.
He's still better than Giroud
nobody is triggered by heads exploding, carcasses everywhere, skeletons in the dust, radiation painfully killing people, deformed monsters eating defensless civilians and insane drug addicts wielding guns , only rape is a problem
Well Bush may not be helping himself in the general election, but he's certainly hurting himself in the primary, largely because the old white base of the GOP agrees with trump
Ashes and water
Yeah, sure, if by "okay" you mead dead on a cross at 33.
Full nomad, obviously.
Probably a Russian who put the money there
He is pushing a pro Egypt agenda.
That's just what I was thinking.
The Elder Scrolls lore.
No, to be able to TP back to spawn obviously.
wow, spot on!
My Centrelink payments just came through while I was waiting.
Nah man, first post I've ever seen about it.
Im just waiting for the crowdfunding link for this poor perscuted christian
I thought that was what the cops were doing
DAP is franchising itself into IT business it seems.
you beat me to it fucker
What do you do now?
Lol...
its the only hill his carburetor will take him up.
Honestly, he was probably elected because of his name
7.9 here, it does not get better.
boo u suck
But I thought there was a Nazi Pope
So raping and beating men is fine then, I guess.
Smoq in Brookline is a good bet, the mac&amp;cheese is a hit too!
Paying back your Visa with your MasterCard is always the right thing to do.
yeah like froggen is a complete shitter
Dude what it's soooo frat
The air is full of aspartame so of course it made her fat!
Wow the graphics on FIFA 16 look amazing
Le donne sopra il 7/10 hanno da oggi il topless obbligatorio
How dare CNN out a murdering scumbag!
Or Seatle amirite
That's not right, I believe you have the Tenth doctor in your hand..
gotta respect the dank meme circle jerk!
I too refuse to believe anything I can't find on upworthy or MSNBC.
Pretty sure this is racist somehow.
All those game "remakes" must of lowered the age for a game to be considered a classic.
TRIGGERED.
Pantheon Serving Asshole
The filthy casuals.
Seems like laptops are getting pretty big these days huh...
You thank the guy, who do you think you are, let me downvote you
I think it's rather average, tbh
They're uh...They're flocking this way!
But the PBE is for bugtesting, not for pros to play on...
Well, they were basically the same, can you blame them?
They should have announced this during games or something
Isn't Springfield one of those towns they have in a bunch of states, like Fairfield, and Dixon/Dickson?
sick angle bro
What are thoooooose?
Yeah like they went through in Gujarat
Why can't you be normal like everyone else and just say "butt stuff"
But they were forced to click on it, read the ENTIRE op message, read all of the supportive comments, and then make a mean comment about it, it wasted ALL of their time
No, its obvious that Einstein has blue hair.
I think you're thinking of Kit Fisto
Anyone who disagrees needs to be raped to death by thedickwolves
My heart goes out to the poor shop owner, the pure agony they will be enduring while they are making this cake.
all i read was "more daze"...mesmers really needed this
Ah yes the younger lads like Wondolowski and Brad Davis are definitely a cut above..
HAHAHA this was *soooo* funny
Are they going to start accepting the stereos and fans that assholes threw in the recycling during moveout?
But income inequality is bigger than ever!
I completely disagree and think less of you for thinking that.
You need to check your privilege and be grateful for what the government allows you to have.
Don't worry bro, lightweight mod
40 years of ethnic cleansing and we are still not involved in genocide.Good for us Turks
Dies to BGH would not see play
If you're a woman who isn't a feminist, you're just a flesh bag with two X chromosomes, not worthy of being called a human being.
yep and then they abandoned the whole honor initiative completely.
Well, off-shore would imply an island, so... the UK?
yes, missouri mardi gras... that makes sense
I am sure French would have run away
Clearly he's pandering to the felons for their vote
What's wrong with loving America?
The empty desk has been doing a good job though
Yes, I'd like to have no super left in a few weeks.
Uh the government is a super hero who makes everyone safe and smart, duh.
To be fair outside of the UK not many would know the welsh xavi
Huge drop from 89%, Putin is finished.
PM'ed
Haha yeah yeah yeah, peasentry
Cause why would Canada be in the business of refining ALL this frickin oil we have?
How does he know when I shave?
No wonder Brawl sucks
will bang 4 religion
you mean filipinos right?
here, take this
no its a class about making sick trickstabs and impressing everyone on the server!
You know, unless the bible is true.
Am I the only one who got goosebumps reading this?
Inflation
His competition was slow white dudes
It's basically the sleep staves and the berserk staves.
Arguably the most versatile defender in the league doesn't match up well with one player... What a scrub
You need to try harder
Inb4 he drops out because he's not top seed
Well dang, how did Peyton not get one after Shuler got 2nd then?
Nah man everyone is an expert on boxing and Mayweather is a pussy
Just say "don't worry, I'm running a Paladin, Lawful Good bro"
fucking politically correct assholes keeping me from killing off the weaker races!
I only weigh 100 pounds and am 5'4, but don't worry, I've been researching football for years, I can definitely be the best football player with my superior knowledge!
Alright, let's downvote these threads and stop commenting by giving our opinion on a site which is ALL about opinions.
*Now* I'm triggered!
Yay.
In related news, PC gaming is also dying.
Probably her genetiks.
that would need to include a third guy jerking it to the video
... and him staying single.
you forgot your
SHHHH let them pay full price :) leave the deals to the locals :p
You can't have your money back once you put it in the cup.
Play one big game in Blue and you start behaving like Chelsea fans!
kids, always remember your
This is completely unbiased explanation.
Obviously not because they're proud wymyn who have been brainwashed to layer their bras in order to impress the PATRIARCHYTM.
Obviously they should nobly starve to death
Forget that, I would like an option to F6 at the picking stage.
Way to kill the mood.
no wey dud xbox lyve is baytur i went on xbox lyve an dis gui tol mi dat i wuz gud an stuf, an meye bruther gav mi hiz owuld cal off dooty gaims.
Real dogs have curves
Because businesses catering to those looking for a clean, enjoyable experience just don't exist these days...
That doesn't sound eerily similiar to literacy tests and poll taxes at all
Racist
I'll upgrade in a few years after the bugs are fixed
I laughed.
No where because its not supposed to be there.
Blake just dominated the Spurs
I wouldve liked some gold accents on the white helmet, but they really do look very very awesome
How long until someone says it's the father's failt
this
Now if that was Snax.....
Ha, Rooney wished he got anything close to that type of service
that'd be super embarrassing :(
Haven't seen one yet, but it is scheduled to re-air 10:30 am ET on Monday 10/12 on the SEC Network.
Seriously, this is going to be horrible.
It wouldn't be that nice to play this a poor Gary's funeral, even if he was a huge perv.
Ahhhh ..... EU = European too many times in my head
14+14+7 is easier.
Will someone just bomb these cunts already?
You should change the heading to "SUUUUUUUPER SMAAAAAASH BROOOOOOTHERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRS!!!!!!!!!!"
You sure
A day after you landed
I got regular cafeteria breakfast every sunday.
but is there any dandruff?
I have a feeling someone is looking at the website hits and wondering why they're suddenly getting more sessions but not converting to sales.
A couple blasters in the OT were real guns with some extra stuff glued onto them, and some of them were even functional.
So the chances are... slim.
B..bu...but h..he's a h..ha...hacker!
Exactly, they opt for interpersonal drama instead of plot driven.
You're correct about being able to enjoy it without it, but the lore is really important to most of the fan base
Hint: NYC.
Hopefully the Aurora.
I believe there are some people that paid money for silver expecting to fund new missions and strikes that would disagree with you.
the tweet keeps popping up on my feed through various retweets and every single time i'm reminded of how great it is
You realize Bernie left the Democratic party right?
fuckin beat me to it
Dang JR, shaky pass.
It depends on the game, some work better on Xbox One than the on the Xbox 360, and some work worse.
DEEPER!!!!
Yup, my ssd is taped to the top of my psu lol.
Clearly, she was being persecuted.
Someone has been playing too much SpinTires.
This reminds me of the Seinfeld "Frogger" episode
I hope they aren't in Chase Field and Coors Field because that happy face might get turned upside down.
I'D MAKE A GAME BASED OFF OF IT
It is though the lung function is one process, if you disable it, you're disabling both lungs, since they are both controlled by the same muscle
Because innocents never go to prison, and they totally don't get executed in nations which utilize the death penalty.
Let me guess... You took a video of yourself showing how awesome and fast your car is, and uploaded it to a public sharing site?
I believe that is where they filmed the basketball scene in American History X.
Blockbuster video.
Are you seriously doing that so you can repost this in 3 month?
Scribbles you beautiful bastard, you didn't tell us you could use the force!
Inzagi would be top scorer of all time
No, I pay with a Fastrack but that's the lane I need to be in on the other side of the bridge and it doesn't feel like it moves any slower most days.
Dat curvy girlfriend tho
Does he realize that the cleaning is just snooping with benefits?
5.1% -.-
Honestly I'd rather they show the second, at least they're actually putting any effort into demonstrating care
Near Bonnie Doon mall area.
i'm 60 hours in and i've worn it for like maybe 10 minutes.
Noticed you didn't say "keep him in line"
Do women frequently try to stand up while peeing?
Jesus Christ, jesus, let me down this instant!!!
But hes the most well known.
you forgot the multiple fee fee
So that's how Trump did it.
I'll believe it when it happens This isn't the first time a "leak" occurred in an attempt to calm public outrage
Nope, some other dude was playing the game, she was just whinging about how the female character walks with a slight hip shake.
so is she naked or does she flash them?
Multiple screens.
Do it for me
[](#face-angry)
would they prefer australia?
UA Solidarity +1% Production in the Capital for every Social Policy Poland adopts (max 15%-20%).
How about a museum showcasing our true and glorious ancient Dharma?
But Babcock didn't make this trade, Shanny/Dubas did.
Ah, thanks I thought he was doing something much stranger.
Really cool dress and that dog is cute too.
OMFG TBIS THIS TOTLALLLY THR HYPE THAT MONSTERCAT HAS GEEN MAKING ON TAITTER HE IS RWLAWAIDNG ON MONSTER AT ISNR THIS OBVIOUS
I believe so.
It was important because vision = victory, I mean they both start with a V. If you know what your opponent is doing (where they are and what they have) you have the upper hand.
At least he kept his feet under him.
Fucking inbred half-wit
jealous
Sorry it's in the title Asus pce-ac68
I for one am shocked.
Searching them, so the police can find homophobia in their pockets or what?
We have one of the most talented teams in the NFL, back to back division and conference champions with a Superbowl win, and we can't string together four solid quarters of football to save our lives.
Dig even deeper, pal.
..Get some solutions.
Lmfao
He's married, and a father tho'.
How do you know we have seen them all yet?
You and everybody else since any single RB became available this offseason.
We evolved from a common ancestor with apes, not monkeys...
they're just like us!
You owe it to yourself to break in this game if you paid for that abomination
She may have forgotten some essential gear...
Stop being anti-semetic.
Same, except I use WASAPI output.
Well that's the gayest all girl car wash I've ever seen
Nothing is more cringe inducing than when people describes their awkward actions *holds up spork,teh penguin of doom* I'm really random
And disability pay is ableist
The "fake ______ girl" thing needs to die a million deaths.
Yea you are kind of getting into that price range territory
Is extensors even a word
So, seeing as you have now secured your Presidency, what is the first thing you plan on doing?
I see congratulating them cause you got rekt huh?
Couldn't agree more
Is this really top comment on a post about an Impact time slot change?
To be fair, some maps are not labeled.
Don't know if you added anything else, but there's no oil in sno seal.
The loading or the image?
I'm hoping their sprites will be decent
How old are you?
Sanity!
Ban alcohol, it incites violence!
Awesome and epic spring to mind as well.
to wash off all of the little rascals in the neighborhood.
Some lines you can just tell are scripted, yes, but I doubt someone is telling V to keep crying in the DR
you forgot this
Where would you put him is Travis and Tulo are starting?
^Tact^
Well obviously the Sun's racist!
Yeah cause no one would want a shitty onesie.
Same here, why torture the guy and make him possibly want to murder more when you can just him to the dogs, Kim Jung Un Style.
*For you
Oh no, not this shit again.
How about the Brunell, Taylor, Jimmy Smith combo before that?
Too soon
This ain't PC...
Inb4 Xixo will get kicked from another team for his narcist personality
You fucking freak!
Well watching that alone makes the government cuts to flood prevention worth every penny
Yes, balance in a card game should be based around magical Christmas land.
3rd times a charm
What remake?
Probably a smart move :)
That 5th planet looks awesome.
He better hope that goat was horny.
And South Carolina
I don't get this reference.
sure they do, you just have to do ONE more survey first!
Damn, I should've used an affiliate link.
Harry would be disappoint.
Zimbabwe?
DAE Grindr :/
licking your ass or licking their ass?
Another positive outcome of this: It provides a great place to put restricted or often reported players so that they can ruin the game for a different set of players.
Oh yeh Russia was a great place to live in before Stalin
sold
Obviously you don't exist, or you're just some super rare exception!
Nah I understand, it's the same reason why Auburn has such a hard time getting fan support and why nobody likes them Obligatory
Mirage aps
Interesting to know.. I've heard coaches say do not fap or have sex days before a big match.
You can have my used laptop I just bought.
Hello, Can I ask what is the benefit of creating subnets on a home network like this?
Rosberg?
Can't Hatchet the Thatcher
You must mean that time when he was President.
I KNOW IT WAS INSANE!
If I was Seth, I too would be upset; That statue wasn't even made in bronze, Seth was ripped off!
I think Hollywood, CA is already represented in the aggregate Google doc, man.
You forgot
Pogba's account is not verified, but still a great dig at City.
That's basically what America has, there's no need for a socialist party in this day and age.
ITT: Taylor Swift
liquid lunch
I'm not silver the system works... Typical low elo player that refuses to realize their skill and spends their energy claiming they are in elo hell
How long my dick is
Do yourself and your team a favor and drop your sens drastically, trust me
I'm sorry I didn't get that, what kind of a boy was he?
New to this sub, I guess it wasn't obvious enough that I was saying it sarcastically, forgot the
Get some more downvotes apparently.
He was obviously resisting.
You're not trying to win
Well, if you've seen the entire video... he couldn't get it in the hole, even with two inches.
CTY being one of the breakout players in China probably has a lot to do with that.
practice makes perfect
Yeah but if a woman cheats on their SO with me then it's ok
Glad to see that there's muslims picking and choosing from their holy book too
It's so weird how a network dedicated to the 60+ age group is so bad at putting shows online!
But not allowing her to force her beliefs on others is a violation of her religious freedom.
You heard it here first people move to aussieland and your pc's run faster!
:D
That's what I'm talkin about!
This isn't some scam answer like Kevin Malone and his "cookie idea", right?
In his defense, he was just trying to bring bro culture to his company.
Sounds like she never really had an un-testimony in the first place.
He obviously can't get elected, his agenda makes to much sense.
You should be fine, just don't bring any LED toys or illegal shit.
Its origin is from the term Mongoloid, and it's a double whammy.
To be fair, I believe they *only* share one parent.
Oh god what have I done...
Yeah, but the vig's the beater now that you have the work
Omg *creep*
I'm sure that's an answer to a question, but not to mine.
I wonder if you know how C9.CS:GO has been performing.
I fucking love this!
What a hack
Nah, the whole minute they were struggling and then they just gave up during the last seconds thinking the third period was over.
Right, you shouldn't work to earn anything in your life and be content with being mediocre.
So your voting for harper then right?
The OP steals his grandfather's watch and is getting pissed when a maintenance worker is taking it from him?
It's the resurrection stone.
Are you saying Assad winning 99% of the vote is not a 'free' election?
Yeah, you should be able to play games in a desert, underwater, submarine, space station or nuclear reactor going critical, otherwise they should just drop the "anywhere" word
Yeah man body dysmorphia is not something attractive people get.
Well there's Hourglass animation, but that voice is graining to the bone.
Because running the NHS can be done from home on your iPad while slumped on the sofa with Netflix on the TV.
Syphilis
Because every board is b or r9k
I get that all the time and I hate it.
But id totally fuck that brunette dude
You're just jealous.
your memory is on fire.
It's definitely on the list after this :)
Nuclear fusion's gotta be painful.
Boy, what an original looking fit...
Next time you see a mouse or rat in your area, blame people killing snakes.
probably had something to do with the lead in the paint.
It's OK because they are poor.
Check your liffey privilege, shitlord
wow really scared the shit out of me
It must be mental health.
I was a little depressed we didn't get any today
Cool guy Whyyyyyyy?.
But why?
they are soooo anti-semite ...
That's clearly what I was getting at, for sure.
Did you assume they were for corpses as well?
Sounds like a perfect Speaker of the House to me!
As chang'e, I only use my 2 against minion camps, because I'm a polite person and using it when someone decides to put effort on killing you is so ungrateful.
Hey, that's racist.
Very true...
I'm glad he's so committed to the ideals of small government.
Oh but less people are killed per attack with bladed weapons
Well it's clear that you're not a real supporter then!
Yes one burger every once in a while will kill you instantly
That's why faker is so much better than everyone else, because he practiced only 2 champs.
share bride, failing star.
Should have given the girl a gun for self defence too
Were you talking about the Yankees or the Cardinals there, I got confused.
what the jesus decaf christ Ion-channel solvents (alcohol) seem like a great way to get to know who someone's true self is
You defend Malay, you defend Islam.
Gee, that totally wasn't a predictable consequence of "welfare reform."
oh yes because cops just shoot people for no reason!
We are having another show tonight 7pm for only $5, just a heads up.
They don't serve wine at mcdonalds.
The celebrity call-ins for requests is one portion that's scripted
And we have a winner !
Probably because they ran out of lore for raid content and couldnt make anything up that was more confusing then WoD's story line
Yeah let's downvote this guy for having a different opinion.
There goes Chiarelli, screwing things up again and signing an unproven guy to a deal
Beautiful - thanks for sharing.
Hey man there was a poll put up for 1hour during non-peak hours, the community spoke
I'm assuming he had a legal owned pistol and had a ccw, right?...
they're busy having fun snapchatting.
Yeah, it's Ok if he wins because only Muslims will be exterminated by the millions
The police dog wouldn't bite you if you had nothing to hide!
But frooty has AIDS blood.
So it's "Only a theory"!
I want to try whatever he's been smoking...
421,238 lol420noscope
It would be unbelievably difficult to live there
Not smart enough to know if this is sarcasm or not..
So now mutual rape is also a legally binding marriage?
Hey, they didn't specify WHICH Christmas!
No, teenagers are stupid and we're all wicked smaht!
I thought it was redneck
duh, that's canada's job
yeah what an absolute bitch
Probably has a small donger
I have a Nexus 6 and it runs amazing for me
Just because they are grieving doesn't mean their ideas aren't crazy.
Omar's comin'!
Hey at least the Baltimore police are getting a whole 20 hours of retraining!
Well, i didn't see those guys complaining about not finding content... This is the difference :)
Omg so funny :)))))) &lt;3
That can't be Muhlenberg County, there's not enough meth in the picture.
Edmonton's finally got a Vezina caliber goalie now!
They're OBVIOUSLY fucking uwu.
Ooh, you racist.
Why does it say IShit over garnet's head?
Can you stop making me hard when I'm Bored at work, thanks!
They cry like the pussies they are.
newfag doesn't know good OC when he sees it, I bet you haven't even been on /b/
Who needs spacing when your collective wingspan is like 50 feet?
Should we also include the 5 yards or so that a rb is from the LOS when the ball is snapped?
Riley Hawk is skating all retro now?
it's all fun untill the day he runs in the streets with a knife and starts gutting people searching for loot i watched mazes and monsters you know, i'm aware of the dangers of this satanic games
Welp move the team
Gotta make money somehow ^
This happens as I move away from Korea :/
i don't see the problem
GUESS I'M NEVER GOING TO CHURCH THEN
They beat an SEC team in their bowl game, something Bama and FSU can't say
They aren't they should be exterminated like the cockroaches they are
And yet *Ghost Busters* is original while *Avatar* is a shameless sci-fi remake of *Pocahontas/Ferngully/Dances With Wolves*.
Jefferson is Purple Guy confirmed Someone call MatPat
Meek woulda been better off officially releasing that track of him yelling randomly
They're the government, we're not allowed to tell them what to do.
You forgot the
Yeah, it's not like Melo is on a multi-year contract or anything.
You know, I do identify as a woman sometimes.
but toppling the stabilizing influence that keeps the country and surrounding region at peace has already worked perfectly in Libya (where the US got rid of Gaddafi), and in Iraq (where they cleaned out Saddam) and now those people are all free, and democratic, and rich, and stuff !
How long is she?
Why do you need a gui when you have a console
You were actually the first to state that his actions were over the top.
The fifth amendment only means the government can't kill you without due process, it says nothing about private death squads.
I know, but the incredible, next generation keepers in fifa 15 get me so excited to see what wonderful programming EA can deliver next?
Yeah, you should attack Bernie Sanders because he's the biggest threat to your movement...
I've gathered from this picture that more people that throw Innova have terrible throws.
I bet I could beat him on a moped
Yeah, I guess the dipshits at Google and Facebook have no idea what they're doing
Yeah, that good ole' American Louis Pasteur, he flew in on an eagle crying tears of pure red white and blue bringing pasteurization for all.
But what if you don't wanna use the extra skill points?
Did you?
That's why you keep hearing about women going out and killing men who reject them.
yeah, totally surprised.
Your skins will be safe with IBP.
Yea, hammy few weeks back
No humanity isn't on the wrong path.
More like "oh you *bought* a gally; this group is for those that *earned it"
Yeah, cuz they did a rollover test for the Titanic
- Quick and Easy Illustrations in Adobe Illustrator - Introduction to Software Architecture - Copywriting Secrets - Accounting Simplified - Easy Content Marketing for Wordpress
And Europe will continue to be completely irrelevant.
You can throw your facts at me all you want you dirty liberal, it just makes me scream BENGHAZI louder
Hope this guy can still get his rewards
Sick an indestructible companion on them
Parking on grass is easier on the tires, no?
10/10
But ping doesn't matter!
Yeah but that's rated T. No kid should ever have come near Brawl.
That ISIS logo will NEVER get photoshopped by TB haters
Can't forget about Carlos Gomez because he doesn't play the "right way"...
More like, if you choose to ride a bike in the street, you're responsible for anything that happens because it's just *so dangerous*!
I just got refunded because it sold out... pretty sure you stole it from me
Not within the regular forces.
To each "their" own, your microaggressions are really making me upset
He's rich and "successful" so your opinion is worthless
Yep the gay male community and single women community definitely have a strong correlation.
which he didnt have
Report it to R*
*offers OP cookies and milk and some aspirin* I offered the aspirin this time because I almost got a headache from just reading this guy's messages.
See your obviously a mysogynist hater asking a women for "facts" and "evidence" How dare you?
I'm sure he'll be making his intentions known at first date.
This footage is full of CULTURAL APPROPRIATION
Hurray for exclusives.
Aw man, i'm really upset too..
His comment is satire, if you didn't know.
This guy is Sofles from Melbourne, he's sponsored by Ironlak which is an Aussie paint brand.. He paints for free.
Don't forget Queen Bee!
Holy fuck that black guy is hilarious.
Just by that helmet and slap a dot sticker on the back.
Super excited for more banana on field incidents in Russia
PS4 Can play bloodborne, YOUR MOVE PC
But bruh mushrooms have a central nervous system so you should kill animals too.
LIVIN LIKE LARRY
Yes we love watching people exploit so amazing
Yes but the method is only wrong if you disagree with the goal
He mentioned Johnny Mac, I'm sold.
And in 99% of developing countries (the vaunted "emerging markets") too!
Huh?
My cat would bring it in live.
I know!
thats a strike
So what is your stance on survivors of sexual assault, anyway?
Was there anything like this for us last year since Herman stayed?
How dare these irresponsible parents let their little girl play with a dog without a leash, it could snap and kill her at any moment.
somebody hasn't been paying attention
(You can continue it on the Day 2 thread f you want)
That's why Michael made a dungeon for their needs.
what?
OKC has him locked up for 4 years...
should have clicked the link i guess?
Was I just e-raped?
If a female body used as eye-candy is objectification and bad, then a singers voice used as ear-candy is also objectification and bad right?
Here at Apple, we do the same shit everyone else has done before, including ourselves, and slap on a higher price tag!
\#ASIFTEAM
Dark bum should be throwing a spider at his face
Not all these are on LAN.
LOL
How did we lead the Jets in hits in round 1 of the Nashville series?
Hope they have a "No runner vision" mode like in the first game (excited for this game)
Better than summer honestly
I trust Lucy more than Hades
If you can read French, I'd strongly suggest LaPresse.
Speaking of Vincent, we can only hope one of the "unique experiences" will be a remade version of his shooting game!
RIP OP's balls
Look to the man with a greater debt than your own.
Tactical nukes to be precise which are controlled by battlefield generals not head of states.
Hello, new phone wallpaper.
I'm sure that "respect" will keep him company in jail.
Only if you mind gore / are extremely homophobic (because of the fabolousness)
I think they want to play in S3 playoffs.
I don't think so
That's why we have sandbox mode
gaben and mmr bless you too &lt;3
In Sledgehammer you do more melee attacks than range attacks tbh (damage wise, your rangespells do nothing meaningful).
Well...its a long complicated story beginning with a paternalistic government in the 1940s, with a complete structure to dominate politicians through the 'dictatorship', workers through syndicates...corruption was bred in this system...drug cartels are just another variable in Mexico's complex history Source: I'm a Mexican in Mexico
That can happen if it was a faction revolt I think.
Everyone knows markets dont work and we need ~~me the benevolent social planner~~ some kind of regulation to make R1s work.
Realistically, pay off my student debt, get a cool job abroad, and be able to give my SO the life she deserves.
Why did this have to be made into a meme
Because it was the style at the time
thats ok
This needs to be a "Wasted" gif
I pick Secret because they are winners.
Wall adapter face up.
I don't think your face looks feminine at all, sorry.
Looking at those items, maybe
Is Pauli squared injured?
There is no policy and no reason for a policy.
Check your privilege, shitlord
Always more upvotes for Cake
Bish*
I could see myself spending 150 on that beauty
I heard you don't care about black people.
So we all eat healthy food 364 days and then 1 day a year we get to eat unhealthy food?
Dont worry, one day you too will learn what it feels like to have someone on your dick.
Answer to the question in the article's title: It's always just you.
If you're depicting him for his kind in being racist, that makes you racist too.
yes there is.
21:9 monitor is balls-to-the-wall awesome, but my i5-4690k is so powerful vs older pcs and laptops I've had.
i agree the r8 is a great gun, they sohuld nerf the chickens
... spread your buttcheeks and put your teeth on the curb
They are all beyond rehabilitation It is more that they are not worth rehabilitating, not that it is physically impossible to do so.
I know these feels.
Like the young people that voted the current populist idiot into power?
Hopefully Reddit will never do that
Annihilate - 3BB Sorcery Until end of turn whenever a creature you control attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.
Should've aimed for the ~~leg~~ knife.
All black players have "character issues" ask chip kelly.
That laugh, someone's a smoker.
Stupid autocorrect :p
yeah, how dare you number each question like some god damn caveman and be genuinely curious about a films plot points and thematic ideas you farking idiot
Google smite conquest 101
Would you be ok if dick mesh was illegal?
Yea, 5+ terrorist attacks a day in the name of Islam has nothing to do with it...
The A-pop pop-calypse
That's actually a really clever way of testing it that I hadn't thought of.
Is she another donger digger?
Goodwill
I'm a student studying game development.
How much do you rate MC Hammer?
do T4MDs drop in Mars too?
My biggest "whoa he's British" moment was hearing Andrew Lincoln talk as himself for the first time
Nice comment, TellsYouToGo, nineteen nineties much?
I guess it wouldn't be an uncommon reaction for somebody who's still new and hasn't put any money in the game, since your opponent likely will have a lot of stuff you simply don't have, and it's quite boring losing just because your opponent's got better cards than you.
Your friend stands around doing nothing too much, just like a normal 3.5k player.
At the beginning of every 10FTC, Chris says that the subscriber money is used for community content, so I'm not sure about that.
No, it's the narrative thrown around by anyone who has a basic understanding of statistics and common sense.
Islamophobes!
OP, you're obviously a sloot for sucking all of those dicks but mine!
LOL PEASNT 75HZ LOL GET A PG279Q LOL DIE
Probably Zog's Nightmare by a bunch of Neo Naxis
Oh for Pete's sake, give me a brake already...
Hahah NA sucks because they never develop their talent "JK ALL NA PLAYERS SUCK DONT EVEN TRY" Fucking hate EU
Who would have thought Rand would be a bigger nut than his father?
Would you take the Tartarus + a Logitech G500 for your M50s?
Damn it, you're giving him ideas.
I'm just super excited that the non-English-speaking majorities of China, Russia, and Kazakhstan seem to have such a positive opinion of Undertale.
Well that's extremely disappointing
This gave me cancer
Narrated by Ren, from Ren and Stimpy.
And Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Frankly that's what makeup should be when you're 12
Those aren't in the US though.
Well, you don't really get more than 30fps in PU for now anyway.
Laptop, notebook, tiny notebook, phone charger, headphones, usb sticks, pens, markers, erasers, highlighters, sharpies, paperclips, business cards, moleskin, deodorant, fork, duct tape, toothbrush, dry erase marker, AC adapter, pocket knife, lunch, old bank receipts, copy of my lease.
You want spoilers added?
Why's that?
Right, but then I realized that if anyone had enough money to buy a time machine, it would be Bethesda.
can you take pics next to a dollar bill or something to show size?
The last time we tried to simplify multiple tensions into partitioning a religious state was Pakistan, and that worked great!
Lord of This Space
Rama aswell
Tunisia, morocco and turkey have thousands of jewish citizens each.
Thought the same after seeing a match of them from 2012 lol
LoL will be available in the xbox store with win10 probably, but I doubt it will be compatible.
9001
Just curious, but why not have Tony Bergstrom take care of long snapping?
I ate my own shit when I was pretty young, so I have that.
Or the
Classy.
I didn't say all that
Hi, I've removed your post since we don't allow full albums to be posted except for releases.
gifs or it didn't happen
Terrible title, OP.
I throw righty but swing lefty...I am trash this is not the path to take.
passionate kiss &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
METRO's new "re-imagining" is doing exactly that.
Hey if I can kill someone in my car, while drunk, and flee the scene, and then turn myself in the next morning, and only get 3 months in jail, there is NOTHING wrong with our legal system.
If, as a Christian, I am allowed a favorite pagan god, it would definitely be Lutheran Satire's Horus.
Sorry :(
Honk
They usually do, yeah.
Agreed, but is that usefulness worth going six figures into debt for?
She made it so I can't bully and harass people, she's evil!
Shocking
Because it's the day after my birthday and bureaucracy is slow
No you don't understand, the only thing keeping the internet from being censored was a standardized error code.
That should be a comic series.
I think you dropped this
The modern story in Syndicate wasn't any worse than in I. It has always been shit.
The community is toast!
I just don't see why I should have to share my drinking tap with coloured people
P I N K B O Y S
Have you heard Fetty Wap
I'm pretty sure it was a joke on futurama but I don't want "zapp brannigan erotica" in my search history to find out.
Well, if don't like this year's Quinjet, you can always wait for next year's
There is "no redeeming value" in angry ranting about something that will never change.
the reactionaries and idiots in that comment section tho
You can skip Lyn mode after beating the game once...
I wanted more essays about football helmets!
Ha, GOG is run by CD Project, they get 100% of all the cut if you get it on GOG.
Actually because the referee team hasn't been chosen yet, he could be one of a lot of linesmen.
Now remember every shitty Ori that used her ult across the map, shielded herself, and never landed a single q. Vote for Bard!
Right
Did he "write" his own nature?
But he's never changed his mind about anything in the cantina scene!
Not even a bit they're literally Hitler
This is what dreams are made of.
This is what I tell myself to sleep at night
Yeah-*I'll* be doing the knife shopping from now on.
Everyone's watching you.
I mean, I use it in Avacyn angel tribal to double down as flavor and a decent piece of equipment and it definitely hurts stuff.
Better replace it as your ISP.
Is this your Veloster or one you just happened upon by chance?
*sham pag knee
is the gong still available?
Google phased that out years ago.
enjoy
Man I am so proud to be living in this state
Also over 700 viewers on Periscope, too!
I thought overhydrating was dangerous
Not even GRRM can be that cruel.
Hitler = Riot Lyte confirmed
My fields spontaneously burst into flame under the wrath of God.
If he was really that poor he can get medicaid.
No, He crawls on all fours and screams a obligatory Filthy Frank joke at them until they die.
You don't have nuclear power plants in the states?
In response to the Governor Coumo ad: Yes, because we *all* know that having no advanced experience or skills (possibly because you can't afford education) automatically means that the work you will be doing is easy and effortless, and therefore not worth rewarding with a living wage (possibly to afford an education)!
Why not pay off the card and then just use the card in place of the cash you would have had if you didn't pay the card?
Your purpose in smite is now to never lose a game with Khepri
Any sources for this and whether the weight matches the picture?
you idiots, the PS4 image is obviously showing the game on 4K
Great answer dude, really contributed to the thread there
There is also the public option option.
Ya, vote Republican, that's the answer!
Yu Gi mo fuckin UHHHHH
Get a room you two.
If only there was some way he could anonymously donate hundreds of millions of dollars to Bernie
You go to hell, I earned my Technical Alpha portrait.
Looks like Robin and Lucina finally got a restock
But it worked so well the last time!
God Bungie hates the warlock
you need a
And remember psychedelics can do no harm and men have it harder than women!
Sorry that everyone is shitting on your content OP but seriously where the fuck is that recipe?
Absolutely.
My first car had such a low threshold for first that I could dead start it into 2nd in a very smooth and easy take off.
That's a *great* way to ensure that your son turns into a functional, well-adjusted, non-asshole member of society.
Nope, no Madonna-Whore complex here.
Besides Minecraft of course Maybe
Worker: OMG I CANT PRINT PLS HALP | Guy who works there: just fucking open the door on the printer | Worker: NO ITLL DAMAGE THE PRINTER | *guy opens door and gets paper jam solved* | Worker: FUCKING THANKS LOL
Yes, of course - I just didn't single it out because mental health has an equal (or even higher) priority to me than physical health, and put it all in "well being".
You sound like a very intelligent person and have used a lot of cracks before.
Well, Mizzou did beat perennial powerhouse Arkansas State.
That, and if you're baking the sugar does seem to have something to do with how well it rises.
Dude... I've got only one word for you: #smitesupportmasterrace
Yeah, but *Boston* culture?
Georgie fanboy
So all of the laid off insurance and health workers will be employed as burger flippers and mechanics?
The Phantom Menace
Well, you have to perform 3 miracles to be a Saint, technically.
TOXIC
Those aren't factory rods, obviously.
Or Rachel Dolezal.
Why the percentage would be lowered?
Yes, thank goodness government protected the gulf and made BP pay for what it did.
Wire way is only installed in panels to drive up cost anyway.
Here I thought New Orleans was in Florida.. huh.
#occupyPLEX2016 We are the 99%!
My bad.... Fixed
I live in Texas and no one acts like that.
Inb4 if you dont skate dont wear skate brands, they dont want non skater support
it's possible we'll see 0 zergs at the actual event if lilbow beats life
Not like there's another bearded scandanavian man in Minnesota sitting around who'd take free tickets to dress up and drive a motorcycle on the field or anything
Bungie hates Titans.
Always remember, The Government is what is wrong with this country.
Well he said it's 100%, you don't need a source.
but but but, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery :) parents just love their kids so much they must imitate them,
She should have just used Newport News Japs instead and the class will still understand it...
Bass pro shop bro
As a godless commie (atheist), I take offense.
Anyone who isn't a straight white conservative Christian.
Meh, not smooth enough
Found the protestant.
*Whispering*/ Screw you, I'm the best damn hugger to ever live.
Where do you find the white laser?
Super bowl here we come
See, pot causes school shootings.
Well when you use it in that syntax, sure
Where's your helmet?
You're the only one with this problem
Also curious.
Works for most of the exits in New Jersey.
u can use it as a broken set.
What kind of person sticks it to the bank?
Booker!
Yeah, playing jungle and support on S3 was truly a fun, entertaining experience.
Thanks doc!
TIL
There's always one, isn't there.
Dexter
Best of You starts off pretty easy, but gets pretty damned hard about halfway through.
You wouldn't download an Aircraft carrier...
He is never not serious
But he's SOOOOOOOOO hot!
Yeah and you can't call a guy who steals a thief, because it would be generalizing
And just fuck the kids, the life they've built together and the fact that he loves her, obviously.
Well it's a good thing TPP is gonna stop this!
Because terrorists don't fly at night.
Yeah, just like they did with Infamy 2.0!
He is biased for anivia tho... it's because of his 100% win rate on lcs with her i think...
That's how Russians pronounce it as well.
Can you explain why you think the combat is better than GW2?
Just "conflicts"
No don't be crazy, if you like no makeup you're a little boy who's never seen a woman's human skin
You'd dog, I heard you like snakes
No Rodgers/Hundly?
But if he wasn't wearing the helmet he would have gone slower!
Gee, Japanese gamers must have a difficult time, huh...
I'm sure a little war will fix that right up, right?
This is absolutely the answer.
Lycrath- 300 lock with experience
My child is drunk and stoned, it's not my fault, it's your fault, do a better job, because I can't and don't want too.
Yes... but can he do it on a cold, rainy night in Stoke?
But altezza's are Euro styling bruv!
Just buy more money
Poor Swedes will be cutting their steaks with plastic butter knives once the nanny state has their way with this
No biggie, he just gotta have one 2-goal game if he keeps scoring at this pace.
Her face reminds me of Sylvester Stallone
It's so special, females are so rare and magical OMG
I feel like if you applied your makeup with a cheese grater it would be an improvement.
but what did senator Trump vote?
But I want my dream job NYOOWW!
Waking up to that is definitely a Good Morning.
Are you sure it's not locked?
Damn, never thought that'd happen!
That's okay - who needs multiple vid cards anyways?
Even Jurd hasn't been doing that hot
Once more.
This sub is full of so many wonderful, non-meatball fans.
That sucks, because I love them, and there's more on my body :D
Yeah, Watchmen's plot definitely sucks.
That was a different girl, I just have amazing taste.
Honestly if you don't have 99 everything on this game you're a piece of shit and should kill yourself for being an inefficient scrub.
RUSSIAN BIAAAAS!
But... but.. The germans are nazis forever!
But we sure can blame it all on columbine!
Some people need motivation, maybe it can be enough to push him into new acts.
It does nothing but your hard disk light flashes because it's writing junk to the disk from LBA 0, 1, .... using int 13h
Yeah that's exactly why!
I don't mind being taxed more if it means our government can engage in a bit of patriotism!
*Downvoted becouse i'm an asshole who doesn't realize that people like things i don't like*
The music in E3 2015 trailer... goosebumps and the feeling this is going to be more than epic.
Schereno.
Forgot the
He said nice places.
Because freedom of speech should only apply to the things I agree with.
I guess the truth hurts for these plebs lurking.
Yeah... cause they have a real hard time getting boys to keep their hands off it once they realize what it does.....
Oh my god riot is making sure they fixed the problem how horrible of them
Trade him
Brees-style
*You* can't.
Chiraq and Detroit bro
You didn't know everyone from the south is a hillbilly?
let us know when your balls come in
I'm 14 but mature for my age.
Those rugby players are just pussies.
stop, you're blowing my mind with your strawman logic.
Take my hand!
The guy on the left looks just like Kit!
I'm hoping you dropped this:
also a political megathread, where-to-buy megathread, things-to-do for foreigners megathread, and a summer/part-time jobs for students megathread to complete
Aww you don't cheat, how dare you respect your relationship and the emotional bond between you and your significant other...
Cannabis affects a lot more than one neurotransmitter
Im on mobile but I'll be sure to do that when I get home.
Ouch!
Not to worry, they have comcast business lines, so I'm sure the extra amount they pay per month affords them a more reliable connection than residential customers, right?
You only got that because you are a girl, otherwise you wouldn't have made this post in the first place!
Proof that god exists!
Hey bro, hook me up.
Elder Scrolls Online, they have just enough money to play it for a month or two
This is so able-ist!
Because it's so much more effective than powerlifting with regular equipment.
Yes, but, if society doesn't seem people committing crimes as criminals, where all criminals are evil, how am I supposed to lead a fascist regime, slowly breeding the very concept of independence and freedom out of them, in order to move to a more perfect world, devoid of war and degeneracy?
kennyS souvenirs wouldn't even be rare because he always gets mvp
Yea cause if you gave al qaeda and Isis barrel bombs and helicopters they totally wouldn't use them
No testes, no speed
Because kids need meat to develop properly and milk for strong bones!
If he's lagging that much why cc him?
I guess I forgot to add the
TIL UofL = Louisville City FC.
Who's NDER?
Classic Brady only getting Hall of Fame WRs to throw to
we gave them tea, what more could they ask for
Wow, I've never seen this before either!
3.99
Make that 3
its pretty obvious that exercises like running, climbing, and fighting were designed by men in a male dominated society and thats the only reason women dont do as well
Like his super witty veto speech last night?
Yeah and if Lebron played, he would be the best player to grace the game no question about it.
*Da Vinci Code* does a great job at delving into the life of Opus Dei.
If your dumb ass was involved in an earthquake half the magnitude of the one that hit Nepal you'd dance like a monkey to receive aid from Israel
Don't lie, everyone knows girls arent on the internet
Sharks infest their natural habitat
Exactly what happened with Robin Williams...
Ahh yes, because everyone just *knew* this was the *one* game that definitely wouldn't downgrade from its reveal trailer.
How does this affect his draft stock though?
nice china blob
there should be a punctuation for kayfabe, just like the sarcasm
He's talking about 50 Shades of Grey, of course!
Woah, Israel and Palestine coming to an agreement wouldn't end the world...
because there are no oils in your mucosa
'Instinctive people pleasers' You hear that folks, not a single woman on the face of the Earth is mean and all live to serve whoever!
But.. the objectives!
im gonna feel reaaaaaly silly for having Deschamps alter the boner out of her dress on my card then...
After spelling your own name wrong in a note to **THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA** yes, you're recognizable.
Who's got the first?
I think you dropped your
Just wait until all the refugees arrive.
13-14
Agreed.
There is always value in speculation
This is going to be one *helll* of a *showwwww*
plot twist, she only gets herself out and leaves you there.
Reminds me of a minor quibble of mine: Luke saying he'd tried blasting the door to the trash compactor, when he'd only gone in ahead of Han by a few seconds.
Your point?
Yeah, I love music, but something like that I'd be listening to the engine all the time.
I miss the Packet Loss option.. because that's a big factor in the misinterpretation of the enemy movement.
Could already have been ;) Not talking about the next KG.
Lost a shutter and the letter "A" in that time...
Good, how else can we tell if they have filed down teeth, and have been turned to the Shadow?
is that Khal Drogo?
Yes.
I forgot the Timberwolves too if that means anything.
Looks like they managed to get the car moving again..... o_o'
But I neeeeeed that bloomin' onion!
But the media is telling me that there is blood flowing in the streets of white suburban America and to think of the children!
loved all three
muh internet popularity points
Woooo!
well that's depressing... thanks asshole!
Just what the commentators are saying about him not being back yet
lan qualifiers
Good grief...
And you're grammatically wrong, funny how the world twerks.
Well they cant do anything about the engravings, but they dont want a snoo with a gun and they don't want the image on the sidebar, they just wanna sweep it under the rug
waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle
The channel is infinitely smaller than the Yellow Sea though.
Because your standing in it?
Why do your kid hates hawkguy and black widow Op?
No concern with AD returning from a year off?
I think you meant berka
No, we're not.
That's a cowboy feature.
Luckily I didn't make it that far into the gif before noping out.
Rule 10
They could expand to BYU and an eastern school and accomplish both things easily.
I'd love to see Goku vs Thanos
Please no
Shh....don't mention this, or Paradox will kill Greenland's Ivory trade the same way they killed Alaskan coffee
How about you unsubscribe from the newsletter?
IMO, he's a very modern man ideologically.
Enjoy sleeping on the couch this week
There goes that 'Eat Fresh' motto.
Because they're shit :/ we can't carry.
Nani wasn't a thing yet in 2004.
You sure this isn't just a drawing of the creature from Revelations?
not if Forg1ven was given the Okay from Gambit to discuss deals with other teams
Wtf is going on ?
tip tiptip tip fedora!
Funny story: she came out as a lesbian a year later.
I think you would be surprised by the silent support Trump has in non-white communities...
Well you bought an xbox so evidently you cant afford everything
Liking doing things alone is like being bisexual--you double your chances of a date on any given day.
Damn Brian, clean out your spam mail.
Steve Nash could be the new Yoda teaching youngbloods Russell and Clarkson
She is brave and stunning!
I suppose 30 Rock referencing Lost counts as a 30 Rock reference.
You can go to Walmart right now and buy Call of duty blops 3 for $40 and it comes with the campaign, the zombie mode and the Zombie campaign mode
Slick.
People boil lobsters alive and no one gives a shit.
I saw Tyrion and Cersei get married by command of Tommen, but I'm fairly certain that was a bug as their culture/religion didn't allow for it.
I love my 500x, out of OPs price range a little but still awesome
You should try using that on your clit
Yeah but it's hard as fuck to find.
#erect
his turnboner ..... HAAAAAA
the gold hester is pretty handy also, but FB Hester kills... 99 overall KR in september, bought him knowing i wouldn't need to replace him this year
WITNESSED!
YA MAN IM RUNNIN ROUND DUST WITH MAH GLOCK YO
There's such a thing as difficulty for the wrong reasons.
Erm... didn't Joe Buck already tell you that the Cardinals play baseball the RIGHT way?
Thank god someone random set me straight, I thought my 20 years in the field and training taught me, but here I am schooled on Reddit.
tbm quero, haha
So another loss.
6000*
I'm not saying Austin is better than Harvin, i'm saying that it's unfair to write Tavon off yet.
I bet you do great at parties.
Not enough computing power to create that level of real time smog
Red rum; RED RUM
Yeah it's a pretty hard life I lead
Basically it lasts as long as a glow stick.
Both of his supporters have stated they will now be joining the Hillary campaign.
Perfect
Adding .jpg usually fixes it for me.
I'm hoping he's just trolling but you never know with some people.
Yes, people who botted to level up a character deserve the same punishment as people fly hacking in arenas!
That's because he is the GOAT!
Lol
SHUT UP
Infiltration is the MVP of ass eating tho
Cute kid for a radical jihadist.
Well its not as bad as having a child so suck it up
Thanks for qualifying that you're an NRA member it makes your post extra important.
Lifting weights.
From humans?
She is one ugly woman.
The money from gold has to go toward something.
Says the man who just tossed philosophy on the rubbish heap.
can I sign up for just personnel firing notifications, but no actual score updates?
- Michael Scott
Like "are you a pussy" as in a women, witch is why he is crying
I can understand your comment, the Ghally has became a crutch for most players in Destiny, but they were nerfing it, so why nerf it if it';; be no good anyway ?
Because he is attractive, obviously
In order: * Damage * Boss Damage * Ignore Defense you'll finish those 3 at level 212 and then you can decide what you need from there
give it a year or two, the game will be $5 on sale.
wat
Hold on, let me queue up a smurf
lets keep making PoE easier and easier it really worked out for other games such as diablo
hes my #2 so i know the feels :(
Bandos, zammy, and Sara gwd are all extremely easy if you run around the room.
That's one friiiiied turkey
I just ranked back up to DMG.
The Last Supper.....
Idk, but whatever he plays on his cello will be amazing
You don't need smokes for CT side, you'll probably win regardless.
Me too, brother, me too.
Wish it was W.
Vayne, Ezreal, Caitlyn
Jurroots hunter
Bueno muchachos no nos calentemos, menos con Manuk.
Good point.
No.
They must be using huge magnets
Remember that guy from Chicago.....
Autographs
B...bu...but the job creators
Let's just forget that Seattle game, right?
As an Indians fan also, a part of me dies when ever this team hits the field.
Contrast and juxtaposition aren't a part of art or anything.
They will have like 2 months to adjust lol
Yeah if you win you're like winning against a team that isn't as good as those teams.
Why's she's holding up Rey's helmet from Jakku?
It's not rape, you didn't say 'no' - paraphrase of actual words said to me by my rapist.
I'm personally more excited for Cardiff to let their dragon spread its wings every now and then.
No you're right cops in 47 of the 52 states are only allowed to slap up to 15 pounds of force
I personally enjoyed seeing him pull off a successful hit and run.
Vanakkam to you too, you littel cunt
That offended me so I'm going to downvote it.
And I thought I heard Mickie could only be in one park in the world at any given point, that usually being Disney World and alternatively Disney Land
Wrong meme but upvote for hilarity
Sleep tight pupper
Isn't Rickson way bigger, which would have been an advantage in an openweight event like UFC 1?
wait until fb realises it and fucks it up somehow so people will feel obligated to reinstall the shitty native app.
You're right, what we need is more "what unpopular opinion do you have about next season" rephrased into a different post every other day.
Damn I guess it will still be faster with the new touchID
yes to other recording devices, works on my phone, and am checking about other things
Glance down at the game benchmark section at that link and you'll notice that the difference in performance is non existent.
Make a wall between Taiwan and China and have those dirty rapists pay for it themselves.
Solid plan
If serving the public impedes on your ability to practice your religion then you should not be in the business of serving the public.
obv triggerbot
Nothing more tryhard than somebody trying to break your hand during a handshake
Who would put metal rings around their eyes?
You forgot the
I do believe I'd go insane with no windows.
Of course Skadoodle doesn't miss once.
This has to be flawed, Cincy is still in
box selecting is worse in dota 2 though
Are there any Sunburst cards that see competitive play besides Engineered Explosives?
Those are from the 60's.
He's bad and he should feel bad.
LOL, maybe you should pass some sort of law to keep those sorts of people off your beaches.
Oh the pain!
Throwing sand in someone else's kid's mouth for karma is low
Because I have a superior intellect, peasant.
GF
The democrats and republicans have more in common than socialists and democrats.
i think i should hack now for a bit to improve game sense
He said it's "a psychological condition", but given that it's just a made-up word with no medical or scientific basis whatsoever, he's wrong.
link karma is for srubs
Yes that was the reason
But Trumps going to get and keep all those dirty rapist Mexicans out, so that's all good!
Thank you Spork
Matt Cain's perfect game from a few years ago.
That won't stop the BDS as lefties are always right and you must live by what they believe as they know best.
There are other games?
What were you born before the industrial revolution?
Good luck with that.
Bungie, last-gen OP please nerf!
No, the defense of Australia is free!
Palm has been planted
Then why did she like me?
That shit Pizza Hut advert
I love that show!
Priceline + North Charleston
FUCKING CASILLAS, ANCELOTTI AND BALE
So, he's ten?
Like, it moved 3 squares and then back.
I'm sure this poll is very in line with how the American people will vote!
Cameron's Britain
Danm she's that young that she can't fake some IDs?
It'll improve humanity^TM All meme(s) aside, I would at least want T1/2 to be GONE and the runes to be just runes.
I guess I would pick Blake then.
yeah, now we can shut the sub down and be all done with that.
You forgot
No marine life was hurt during the making of this film.
You will get an IP ban and will never be able to use your steam ever again
You don't need to say "white Tomas Edison" or "white *anything*" because white is the normal/default color
Right, because less police is exactly what Edgewood needs.
I'm 5% juice.
Bolf never asked for this.
Simple Facility Cordination Secure Functional Control
Ask Farmers how they feel about being the only insurance sponsor at HMS.
Probably similar to why cars cost less in Wetaskiwin
Flying solo to the Philly show as well, can't wait!
You're probably being downvoted because you dropped this:
Oh...nobody will care to upvote this #localnews
I hear Dwayne Bowe is about to get cut
They are too stupid, they will still blame whites and keep killing them.
As in no one wins except us.
You gotta put it in a brown paper bag with some avocados on top of the fridge
Those ultra sweet 16mp pics though.
Looks great, the only thing you forgot to do was make him wink ;) ^^
Yeah it couldn't possibly be that the culture surrounding Pitt Bulls attract scumbag abusive owners.
Nice to see that he thinks himself above the rules by not wearing eye protection.
The day Zyra comes back I'll expect her to get killed a minimum of 3 times every game, even though I like that champ.
nah man you totally found an 0day and are using it to ban people instead of selling it for thousands of dollars....
Get around them!
Nah, fuck that... let's just cut social programs and defund the schools in those neighborhoods.
I love him in kung fu panda though
I don't know about you, but I'm expecting a metal watchstrap to be delivered and not an armband...
Hydro locking lowers the compression ratio so they can turn up the boost...
Pointing out cultural differences IS racist.
I forgot my
edgy
Yes, and the Nazis were just following orders.
We're Americans and we love to punish people, goddamnit.
Classy
No, not a big mac: Jalepenio Bacon Mac &amp; Cheese Worth it.
Stop camping.
um, shut up?
The normal song is just perfect for that trailer.
Yeah, his quotes sure did highlight that.
After my wife left me
I think even Kuvira is better than the actual Iron Lady.
No, the point is to retype someone else's comment and pass it off as your own.
You mean Gaudreau or Monahan will sit right?
nah, he's shit
You should move to Texas
Maybe they will now realise they need some roster changes that do not include the support players.
I guess I should of put
Ez fix, don't DC.
Beaten by STEM logic again
Nope, 100% serious.
Siver didn't take the bribe
software groups work because everyone is equally socially inept
Name some solid smaller breweries we should check out that we might not be able to get here.
Lol and Lol,We gonna learn from mistakes, Lol and Lol
*Vlismas
No it hasn't really.
Ya, I don't know I was thinking about getting a 6P but then I read about these knee jerk reactions, and now I am not sure anymore.
But then people will flame that teammates aren't spending their gold or buying wards or w/e
but it has to be 100% conclusive
I like how in depth you went thank you.
Good thing he kept it safe and clean for 25 years so now he can sell it for 25k
Everybody should report him for griefing because MWO is basically one extended grief of the battletech &amp; mechwarrior community.
Gelukkig weet nu wel iedereen van welke series Sander houdt.
But you cant have sexism towards MEN
I herd they changed mallet, to G&amp;W number 9 mallet... just slaying
Nah like Hopsin.
Lol women in a fighting game amirite?
Because he hasn't beaten anyone noteworthy obviously.
It should say on the meters, but I think parking in Troy is only metered from 8AM-5PM on weekdays.
Yep, when it was just James and Lars jamming together, *that* was the true Metallica!
Reddit
You forgot your
Im sure riot intentions are producing completly broken champs and they never thought about changing a champ to be balanced... Right ?
Shake effects happen before healing could, so a Blind model with a crippled spirit is still going to be blind.
Because nobody ever thought of this before
But my dank memes
It's being downvoted for having the punch line in the title.
Because liberals never make sensationalized claims about military expenses.
No I honestly wasn't projecting, I also text in my comment , being obsess is unhealthy.
Yeah he's not insinuating ALL Mexicans are rapists, just most of them, and that's so much better.
What a classy individual.
Think it's safe to assume this was *why* it was cancelled.
Yes.
Well at first it was
Huh, It's odd seing this post because I was just visiting that place with my family and mentioned that story on my way there.
Ah yes the use of a tractor truck on the road, totally against protocol
who wants a th8 in his clan on clash
That's some Winnipeg level chirping.
Lol he easily makes up for the few times where he misses a minute call, which most of the time doesn't have an affect on the round, with plays like this.
lol ur a h8r.
Perhaps it is you that has a problem comprehending sarcasm?
Food is never a game to a pug!
Oh, all's well in that case!
I hate super long rants like this
This one wins.
I stuck my tongue out at you because I was joking, my man &lt;3 take it easy
not in the video
Good strategy is planning for the final 2 3 weeks into the season.
Universal means it can do anything, right?
I think r/icepick would appreciate this joke a bit more.
You forgot the
literally unplayable
That's basically blackmail and rape
Same reason we have synonyms in the dictionary.
What is Moncada's targeted future position in Boston?
ogre better in Blood Knight meta
But I deserve my Gjallarhorn for going .04 in the crucible, those that that would trade for it didnt earn it the way i did!
Yes, because nepotism is the reason he's questioning this appointment.
*The Bible*
He is talking about HOTS
Old Mother Hubbardd is never wrong, and you're a pussy for offering a counterpoint.
bro ur beats sound just like OF I'm so excited to watch you get famous thanks for the opportunity
Good luck in the Europa!
You forgot keysersoze
OP
We've done it before~!
So Brave.
It's the opposite of the Itty Bitty Titty Committee.
Well she asked Shelli to not say so obviously she won't
yeah, by that age they know better than you on all matters
See pc gaming is expensive!
Because the octopus can see the future.
Yes, I am sure that is 100% of the story, just as simple as that.
The pump can't meet peek demand of water usage, so the tower runs lower during those times, then refills during non-peak hours (overnight).
fantastic!
750 crystal spend here, yet to get a nat 4*.. thanks for your tip
I guess there salty because they couldn't get one.
No no no you're mistaken, the game is fine for me so it's obviously something on your end, stop being so entitled.
You couldn't possibly understand until you have a kid of your own
Ok
This is my list, which have built serval computer's with - Screwdriver - Pilers - Anti static wrist band - Anti static mat - Scissor - Zip Ties Good luck.
Yeah I saw what that looked like and just kinda threw up.
I just turned ALL phone notifications off, best decision ever.
Hillary is employing bots now.
But Bernie Sanders isn't Republican
That's funny, my ex said the same exact thing.
Were they supposed to release it before she died?
But he can't be bought and he tells it like it is!
Don't worry, it gets better the longer you own your house.
But haven't you lost like every have since the 20s or something?
But she's a girl.
Oh yeah, that would go a long way toward ending violence related to the drug trade.
they were simpler times back then
that is Carltons season in one kick
Dude, other tablets just don't have that apple on the back so those don't even count.
ITS CONSISTENT IF IT WORKS IN A TOTALLY ILLOGICAL, BUT RECORDED WAY
Yeah but Karlsson isn't fat
A 2800 hour (~4 month) waiting period would have prevented this
Which means he's a liar and just recorded nasty PS4 footage
I just love how we send them arms and money to support their apartheid regime!
So hardcore
Yep, but those profit margins!
Your perception of time is just clearly inferior, pleb.
Gotta love how comic characters remind you they're from another country by changing every fifth word or so to another language, just like real bilingual people.
Yes, because Bersih 4 is all about the Chinese.
Hey, op never said he *didn't* wear make-up- just that he had wooden teeth!
TIL China has 2 bn people.
Because CLG has never had confidence issues especially when the games really matter.
Wow, I'm shocked...
That's weird, because everyone knows the Civil War had nothing to do with slavery.
Pretty sure they have to be identical though.... :(
It's not her job to educate you shitlord!
The Haymarket will never flood.
Yes because it has been working so well with marijuana...
what i really want to know is, did god tell him to run?
Well, they are certainly working
Ye dyrus should afk and be in fountain
[]
This is clearly setting up a Punk return to feud with Roman where he'll break out the Pepsi Plunge
No, this is Reddit, so it was "a brainwashing experience to get you to believe the most extremist and radical ideas"
Yeah, border patrols harassing Americans far from the border and then tazing citizens when they get rightfully outraged sure is some top quality justice...
because they were totally cheering that LeBron got hurt and not the charge call
Yes, because Pokemon needs to never graphically evolve with the times and just cater directly to 90's kid nostalgia.
Fucking scrubs
Who?
Be careful what you ask for, Messina joined the Spurs this year and they exit on the first round...
TPI
Because paper fraud is impossible
Behold: The Man Whose Reddit Legacy Was Signed and Sealed in a Day.
THIS IS RAPE YOU WEREN'T AWAKE TO GIVE CONSENT
Registering all the Muslims, duh.
Just wait until they tell the media they're a couple.
I'm so sorry.
Snart is OP, he froze the bloody laser beams.
I wouldn't fuck around with John Mueller in Austin if you know what I mean.
Yes
ztok to Alliance confirmed?
Doaler k
It was moving house that killed the motivation, there were likely times he could have done it, but over time just lost motivation.
Found the bitter GDI who didn't get a bid.
No, everyone dislikes clingy fan boys.
Tom Cruise.
Which windows?
Every religious law is okay as long as it's "Christian"
Only the ones from The Kansas City mob
Yeah, if you want to be a headcase with access to guns, you'd better sack up and join the military or police force!
Its even better in Assassins creed Syndicate where you run your own gang.
*gets affairs in order*
5pts skills for BB captains - which ones are worth it?
Yes it is; it's actually subtly advertising and positively promoting magic mushrooms, and that not just by coincidence.
Well its a screenshot from my Facebook... So maybe from that
Probably because its the successor of ~ying series.
Fight the good fight buddy.
Pugs shouldn't have to bleach their buttholes to conform to western beauty standards!
Not near the level of "look at this picture of an old guy that may be Sanders walking to work"
Real Kaiju have curves
Owned
Rams were not in the same form when they beat the Cards in the beginning of the season.
Memes all over the shop...
Chicken + butter + nuts.
Yeah but they're are no other designs for HBM1 so it's unlikely there will be the volume to back lower the unit costs.
that was masterful.
She's kind of said no to you several times, how many more till you believe her?
Full blown engineer now.
2 years actually, not too bad, just used a bunch
Portugal pays his respects on the passing of President Higgins and will send a representative to his funeral.
Faggot
2 Good
Phoebe*
My parents had pics of me in my b-day suit, too, I just don't get it at all.
display bug, sorry if it confused you.
Big is a relative concept.
It's probably not *actually* functional.
I know I probably *shouldn't* have it, but I haven't yet experienced it with mods or anything and that's why I want it
How many drugs counts as a shit load?
What this guy said, you can check your bios for the key or sometimes you can use magicjelly bean to get your windows key as well.
My friend got M&amp;Ms from a one night stand!
I'm pretty sure that one of the games they'll unlock next week will be the first top down Lara Croft game, since they put the second one in the bundle.
At least I'll have delicious brisket in a couple hours.
I like to think that the area of Zanaris we see is inside of the moon.
savage
*Pulls lever* wheeeeeee
True!
I feel dirty PS: Katara put on some weight in the right places
u got a problem w/ canadianz m9
13 heading into 14
True fact then, true fact now.
You call people stupid yet struggle to spell...
It's all about DX12 and it's too early to tell right now.
I'm sure Riot sat down and said "how are we going to screw EU LCS this season"
My Warding Extendo Grip would like to have a word with you.
it also greatly reduces your chances of getting shot because texas.
It really isn't that fast
Sure man keep it up, practice makes perfect with everything!
I don't think that would actually make much business sense.
They were on the bus when Spock pinched the music-blaring punk in *Star Trek IV*.
Only the 2.5
God, she's ugly.
Haven't you heard, they just did!
Sounds like a future Versa customer!
So, if they could if they wanted to; what makes you think they won't do it?
or is just "special"
1995 Ajax wasn't exactly an old team
Hoping for a Summer sale for NA soon
What does the country being war weary because of Iraq/Afghanistan have to do with the Arab spring occurring across a half dozen other countries?
Murdering someone for possibly shoplifting seems about right
They won't be happy until the world population is: 99% US military, 1% terrorists
numbers plus numbers equal numbers
I use both, but I never realized this wasn't a bug until now.
THIS GUY FUCKS!
How did he manage that?
Plus an SD slot
Freedom is having bombs dropped on you by the USA
no sir comp cape t + 200m all skills + max stack of everything with value (2147b blue phats ect) is winning
Al Sharpton.
Nope, sorry.
With our current attendance numbers you may have to set your sights on ticket stubs from all (but 1) games.
too soon?
holy shit, I thought it was pretty short!
Then I fear we live in a cold violent world and we made it that way.
Must be rough living there...
Most points are individually useless looking but they add up.
Hopefully these idiots get a special "swatting" during prison.
fucking world star
Prisoners dilemma?
Did your college team already lose?
The school got suspicious after every guy in his class got a perfect A.
He doesn't have a reason that isn't "drugs are bad mm'kay"
Actually, pretty funny google maps Too soon?
...but we're not 70% cucumbers... are we?
Can anyone identify the razor?
I 100% agree with you.
fallen hero echo duplicate i am the ragnaros now
Because we need more posting restrictions.
Don't let there be more than one way to down a boss or complete an objective, because I'm emotionally incapable of being OK with the fact that things like the Knight and No-Knight strategies both exist at the same time.
When has a conservative billionaire owning media outlets ever gone wrong?
But they will not find the Persian rug or the crystal from Eagles nest...
Nah.
But Knuckles is coming to Smash in February
C'est des kurdes, on s'en fout
The morale booster or the streak breaker
I'd be pretty stoked.
How's battery on that sultan marshmallow ROM?
Target date retirement fund.
I am chaste in my current armoire.
Er'ry night, son/gurl!
Carter 5
It reminds me of a motorcycle idling.
Cause its not wolf so its wrong
Removed the tags from my mattress.
Also known as "abuse."
Yes, a wipe is when everyone dies and you start over
well I wanted to follow the template of a raving lunatic so I could see the confusion there.
Yeah most definitely, they're expesive.
Wow, Britain must be an incredibly rich country if even book editors have servants they call by French titles.
She doesn't know his size I'm guessing.
I think you forgot this....
They don't go *bam bam baaaaaaammmmmmm*
*sigh* Upvote
Rekt
Came here expecting drug reference.
Well.....We definitely are not an oligarchy, right guys?
I'm pretty sure it's France Football
Yeah it's a travesty guns weren't involved in this situation
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak Looks like I'm not getting any....
Hahaha, don't you mean *donor*cycles?
Is there price money involved or is it just for fun?
The Swamp Room is the finest of the bars in the New Orleans metropolitan area.
Yeah but what if the Dolphins always say Heil Hitler after each sentence?
How?
i know some people won't be impressed by this but you have to understand that THIS WAS THE META BACK THEN.
Lol I remember refunding xerath twice and finally buying him again
Depends, is there a set timer that governs exactly how long you have to kill the guards before you automatically die regardless of how much remaining health you have?
Csgo 425
But they have such short legs.
European people never get mad
How to be a conceited asshole while seemingly doing it for a good cause.
How do I figure out which one it's using ?
It's just a coincidence!
Can't wait for a 10k 120fps TV!
And you should use the express install on those alternatives
cause steam is drm free
Are there?
Do you have a rivalry with the Mount Hood floor?
Can't go wrong with cosmic brownies tho
What, the fuck is this thread?
you forgot the
If you see a polar bear near you it's already too late.
Just jump and press the circle button
Il pretend that my daily wish that was the summon... Got sorin(not the op vampire from mtg) awakened dark fairy..... Last week.
Oorah!
Rotaract is good.
Are you here because the OP said "Legal Tender"?
It's a razor ssssssssnaga
Thank goodness OG can make team intro videos unlike the Sunsfans' Resume + 10 second of DC.
This game is wonderful.
Good luck with that... Google doesn't like to give you reasons why they took down your account.
Aren't those times shows (1 hour) actually take take much longer and then the live audience has to sign a NDA not to reveal how long it actually took?
yellow paint and knowing it will really hurt them also when they hit you...
I sacrificed my life for phone guy... Time to rewrite the canon...
But I thought ISIS was an Israeli creation...
Als ze openbaar met modder gaan gooien naar elkaar gaan ze het vast beter doen bij de volgende verkiezingen.
Goins with some nice TV time there.
That is not a theory is a rumor
Curious what mice you usually recommend :P
I can beat that, my ex said the same thing, except we were 16, and she wanted this to happen by 18
They also reinforce problematic stereotypes about women and minorities and thus perpetuate the patriarchy, shitlord!
My siblings and I spent at least a good forty minutes on our individual phones trying to find it.
Thanks for the help :)
To be fair to apple it's only $99.
&lt;3333
You can sit all you want in Communist Russia you filthy degenerate subhuman scumbag!
The kind that go on your feet?
The proper advice is to go to the gym and lawyer up!
Get that fuckin hand waving out of my face, lady.
Where is this in the game?
Negative.
I love that you substituted a the 0 with a K.
Nothing wrong with the current surrender vote.
It makes me nervous when a series doesn't update for a long time.
Eyy bbbe ;)
ohhhhh b/c Trump is a d*ck, I get it... how original!..............
What's with the long-ass thread of [deleted] under you man?
Next President
Conference management in on the 911 call!
Yeah Conor it's actually quite simple to get out of Ryan Hall's 50/50.
Just watch after the play and see who does the "my bad chest tap"
Fallout 4 confirmed!
Totally not racially motivated I'm sure
That's what smash 4 is
Or learning how to express it via text
No, see, that's why they are great guides - they are always *really* intently looking for a way down.
Hope that's
There's a reason they said the 12th one is best :)
I'm sure this will also be extended to accusing all 8chan users of being CP distributors.
I want aim down sights too!
And extremely high cost of living (even by CA standards) wooo!
There is no suggestion that Wonga acted unlawfully or **was aware it had left Sparham-Price penniless** Oh, I'm sure if they were aware they wouldn't have drained his account.
And I bet that the reason the Fire Phone was a dud was because they didn't work hard enough.
PSA has just decided to test Atonio as winger against Ireland.
Gosh that sucks - it's so annoying when other people die and upset your travel plans.
How to get help: Join IRC the leave immediately
Well arent you a lovely person
Yea... So the criminals are gonna figure out which houses have guns so they can target those for break ins... Makes sense.
but you deserve to get muted/LP'd otherwise you wouldn't have gotten reported
I'm new here; what was "The TSG situation"?
You can't fix stupid.
Yes... Don't question it
....Hopefully
Oh yea, The Laugh Factory wouldn't exist if it wasn't for him.
You have to wonder why they didn't warn these idiots.
I bet they can solve the problem with a fence ... clear a good spend money
Wow wut do u hate the 2nd amendment or sumthin u commie Obama lover
Ah yes because the poor people will completely appreciate *more* cuts to their income
Wickie pipe
Obviously, we're all so spiritual now that we no longer need them.
I don't know man, the current pope seems like a pretty cool dude who'd be down for that kinda thing
You would hope that's how it worked, but you see you can't be sexist against men, so you're wrong.
Obviously they should have sold everything they had to buy food before attempting to take advantage of the social safety net
Thanks for your contribution to the discussion.
Sheep riding Sir Crocodile, Sheep is Luffy's real dad confirmed.
We're just saving you some time.
The problem is obviously you don't have enough guns!
Because it totally rains those from every mob and people don't go 1 strike without seeing a heavy ammo drop
My B
IDK man that leshrac run into enemy team into shackle-death was great bait for that teamfight.
You're suck.
Now they need smaller data....
TIL Linux has programs.
He wants a less dark enb, not a slideshow.
Stafford is not bad
Man, this makes things so much easier to bare.
What a Nazi mod!
*facepalm*
Hooray for FFP
*THE BRAVE DON'T FEAR THE GRAVE*
But Hayne plane
B..b...but Kanais cube!
Yes coz anything with risks must be exploited for cash
Aren't *all* terms fabricated though?
But *this year* is the year for Linux on the desktop!
Great, let's preserve and worship it.
The early 1900's after WWI, aka the 19th century
Until you realize how many jobs it's taking away
Music to my ears.
My life is pretty good right now, don't wanna hear whiners aka losers.
Hey everyone, this guy needs more taxes to pay for us
The world always needs ditch diggers
It wasn't personal, just business.
Come now, nothing's more true to country than having an obligatory rap verse in every fucking song!
This reminds me of the Canadian Reform Alliance Party
Thanks!
who is the "our" in question?
But... I can't read it in landscape mode!
Good to see Blizzard is tackling the gold inflation problem.
Yes, because saying abandoning Nazi Germany was a mistake may mean different things in different contexts.
It's not small enough
They should all get a participation medal for playing, so nobody feels like a loser.
Yes lol.. He has the newest aimbot that aims just in front of the enemy and then around him, to make it less obvious.
Tim Duncan's influence is definitely showing through.
Nope, build 10240 is the final build.
Neither do games like LoL.
Why would you change things up when everything is going so well?
Sorry I was getting on the karma train
But... but Nintendo hates money!
He probably has a huge ego because all he cares about is his body and health.
omg first
Did you win the war?
Lyte confirms EUW/EUNE is a toxic shithole
Option-F4
probably Seattle
Yeah I alone made up the Boston racism narrative
can someone ELI5 what this whole CEO thing is about?
All those CoD: WaW hacked lobbies for PS3 and Xbox 360 on se7ensins are totally not real.
What do people in Toronto not have computers?
which is why jqLite is bundled with Angular, and directives provide a jqLite wrapped `element` in link functions, I presume?
He said it so it must be true!
Well that was brutal.
i fucking loves wars.
I think you forgot your
Okay thanks I've been wanting it but it's to much!
But it took 12 years to make!
Pocket Gjally: They nerfed normal Gjally, so now they're just gonna make it a sidearm so people use it again
Pssh, scrub forgot his power pot!
Should've played with Valtteri Filppula.
I have horrible that anxiety with multiple choice so i hope I don't over think it on test day!
sucks that this is an iPhone 6 wallpaper, I only have a 5s atm
guess I should've added
To steriods!
Yeah, let's put a cap on how successful someone can be, surely innovation and jobs will follow.
Yeah, who puts videos and pics of skydiving in a skydiving subreddit!
Aww no they dun goofed Meg and Jackie are commin!
So they weren't so bad after all!
I hope Hitler senpai will notice me now
Easy one star with your th in that corner
Domestic abuse is *okay*.
But you only give the prisoners last gen consoles... ohh the unspeakable cruelty...
Don't be silly, they protect ten times that amount.
The Confederacy of Independent Systems
Have you ever met a heroin user you'd invite into your home and ask to babysit your children?
But this kind of behavior is totally out of character for them!
Well that explains why everyone is so mad that Japan and Europe are missing color variants of one of the most common amiibo.
The twitch application has a audio only option
Yea man they hate us for sure
Wait, what?
What do you mean my FUPA doesn't arouse you
But I thought all communists were Stalin loving monsters who want to invade America
But Witcher 3 is so much better!
but this guy is 23 years old, and it seems like he has *everything* figured out!
Hindustani, Yehudi, Amreeki saazish
Me too!
No, I'm sure they took the effort to block a million gaming sites individually.
Solidarity feels.
Yeah, god forbid someone likes posting frequently.
They'd pass gun control laws like Ronald Reagan did in California when Black Panthers rallied outside the state house.
They don't really take ideas from Reddit though, remember, they know better.
They have attacked dams, bridges, trains, oil and gas pipelines The PKK sounds like quite an honorable group...
But we see a maximum of 5 fps, we can't detect the difference of anything higher than that anyway
Clearly his faith was not strong enough.
God damn women these days, why don't they hate themselves and be completely submissive anymore?
Guy on the left is stuck in black skinny jeans while his buddies have MC and ATACS-FG; what a terrible way to go to war... :(
It's still the current arc... but man it feels like this was years ago
You forgot the
Ah yes, modified Sonic 06.
Rap music
But the average person will obviously care about this and take it into consideration for their next phone purchase!
From very independent sources...
I forgot
Like Ashton Kutcher
Don't get us caught up in semantics.
Well, if society didn't police men and enforce the paradigm that only skinny women are acceptable mates, men would be free to pursue relationships with the kinds of women they _really_ want: curvy women.
But they're not unpaid, they get all the cards for free
* Gramm**a**r
Nah they're just immigrants nobody cares about them.
To be fair, Buggy is a Shichibukai.
It's Islamiphobic racist.
Black people are brown, brown people are tan, tan people are white, get with the program!
Of course "lololol" is the best escape hatch ever, from any cringe you can imagine.
Yeah, Whedon is 100% the reason why most of the characters are white, cisgendered, and heterosexual.
The Spurs.
Your GPU isn't good enough.
Yeah, I can't think of a single game that is focused on shooting white men.
Because you've met and talked with most modern feminists.
You're less useful than Anne Frank's drum kit.
Ever see a joke so bad it makes you verbally sigh?
Just from the *title alone*, I could tell this is going to be a measured, objective take on gaming, nerds and gender.
Yeah man fuck checking your blind spot and making safe lane changes right?
Right, learning it casually is much different than " oh well if I even want to get around in this city/ order food I need to speak the language"
Black skin is not a bug you racist!
Tickets will not be sold for the Thanksgiving game in order to ban fans from Favre's retirement process.
Devil worshiping, burning churches, eating babies, safe sex, drawing offensive comics, being lefty and such.
These children are poorly trained.
Well that was worth a 10 year fight
Leave it to a miner fan to be a bandwagoner since birth.
Bbbbut, she's holding out for her 6'3" muscle-bound handsome prince who will love her *cccuuurrvvvess* shitlord!
STEP 1 BAN THE SCORPION
yes it does, im silver 1 and I always carry but I get russians and its close game but im still silver 1.
Yeah a 30 year old royal really know what the kids of today need
And then, unless the dog has a stomach of steel, would spend the next few days with diarrhea, which is a *great* thing to deal with when away from home.
This works!
Darn, Really thought Clarkson had it in the bag.
Did PFF just throw magnets of each team at a fridge and go with the order they stuck in?
She could if she masturbated but she chooses not to.
Bad grammar, would not bang.
Shh bby it's ok
That's the beauty of capitalism, people like that will naturally bankrupt themselves out of the industry.
If only Oklahoma was holding it when they played Texas this year.
Thyroid
NOPE '06 Wade, never forget.
Nah, you're late because we have the worst fanbase in the nba
Why not?
This is how MH370 went down.
Sure, but if you were under suspicion of murder and the victim had died of a shotgun wound, you would prefer not to have any shotguns in your possession, right?
I see no tucked in kitties here
Yes there is, left-to-right is obviously a symbol of the West's decadent innovations.
Just break your arms, dude
You can't blame me for hating Jim because **I** breath through **MY** skin.
The two go hand in hand.
Landings must be tough, then.
Yes.
Where I am from; gun violence.
I think cheated relationships can be salvaged but it's rare and in my opinion you both need to have atleast a 2 year break invoking a new relationship with new people and if you get back together after that maybe it can be salvaged.
Even more ironically, the most clothed NSFW video I have seen is also one of the most disturbing.
It's called "human capital flight" so while you may not wish to go, the phenomenon has been documented for well over a millenium.
I think there was a story a while back about someone who accidentally brought a handgun onto a plane a D only found when unpacking later.
Lol yes it is
Damn it, Archer.
wut The Army is practically the definition of the military.
Same thing happened to me, but with packs, just send them a ticket and it should get fixed up
A huge problem.
So basically we overclock and the body has to keep us cool, neat.
K
They don't taste half-bad.
Yeah who the fuck remembers specific occurrences of this?
i guess, no yeezys for him
I have a nut allergy you insensitive prick
The thing to keep in mind about corner peeking is that scan pulse does the same thing but better.
Aw, man, how cool would it have been to see AT-ATs galloping like that?
ZeRo is the only correct answer
you can only purchase 5 each day
Almost like there's different people with different opinions on Reddit...
Va-va-voom.
Obviously fake, he has way too much legroom for it to be legit.
Particularly in something crazy expensive like a 'conda.
So a populus remake?
stupidity isnt evil
You should say thank to G Bush for getting you into this mess since you enjoy occupation of such a barren land so much
Boy, everyone's gonna love Dagashi Kashi, then...
Brb preparing to take Le_Toucan
yeah, reddit hates mainstream I think... just look at what seasons they think are the best, not that I hate for example Gabon or Nicaragua, or even guetamala, people here are like "top 10 seasons" for every one of them...weird.
Oh sure, I was just pointing out that what they technically asked for already happened.
Thank you
I always felt like in a Nolanverse, Robin Williams as The Ventriloquist would be dark and on par with Legers Joker.
Compare him to other true freshmen QBs in the PAC 12, historically, then get back to us with your apology.
Stain catches diseases like they're pokemon.
I know a multitude of PS4 owners that never touched either and play the game at this very moment.
I just used a million from my savings account
It's from this little movie called "Star Wars", you won't have heard of it
*Looks left and right for Sean Connery*
 I just made my *first* purchase *first*^*first*^^*first*^^^*first*
Why do you want 18 month old toddlers buying guns?
Desert Eagle | Naga FT - $ 0.38 2x Huntsman cases - $ 0.83 $2.04 CAD so $1.47 USD atm.
How would I be able to make this a living desktop type thing on my Mac?
Baneposting IRL
Obviously a census is a plot by Muslim terrorists to take over Nunavut.
I'm afraid I just don't think that is the case with femme invisibility still being an active problem.
yeah, they must be in the tradecraft.
I am surrounded by idiots!
This dude has more upside than jmatt
Puff puff then we would pass
Dammn my guitar only has like 6 strings bruh.
The part at the bottom of the watch that holds the sensors, as it gives the illusion of not making the watch seem like a circle, similar to a flat tyre.
Taste like chicken
Ya that volume is sure legit
You dropped this:
Thanks!
I can see him morally opposing it due to a Kansas Christian upbringing, but obviously respecting others' decisions enough not to make a deal out of it.
something something internalized misandry.
That's so stupid too, many of the older "rednecks" probably wouldn't say that because a lot of them fought and bled alongside South Koreans during the Korean War.
Yes you can't compare outright murder to a prisoner exchange at all.
You'd better not give away our secrets ;) Especially when I finish our scripted edition.
*Bobbles head happily*
Nawse made my day
well obviously, protests are about the protesters and not about the problems
That would send such a wonderful message to the electorate...
I will, somewhere else
we luv u 2 giannis :')
If it's not furry then who cares, right?
A proper skirt in her line of work covers up advertising space
People forget this, they also forget how much hot tea we have to consume on a daily basis.
That's the breaking point.
You do realise that not even the majority of people in western countries work.
One of the few.
You should have gave them the cat and forgotten about it
It's tape for running, although on someone like that it isn't doing much.
So brawl is screwed?
he and caldwell should coach together.
I didn't personally buy it, but I thought it was 100 in the us for he and 90 for standard?
Bugattis
THANK FUCKING CHRIST
That kid is such a badass.
Noice
What a perfect reason to follow too closely and act like a child!
great story tell it again bro
That eleventh try at beating cherry was masterful!
Sampson, because of my outlandish strength and beautiful flowing hair.
Finally an idea I can get behind.
I'll check that out, thank you.
what can be 'wut' so that rhymes with 'butt' lol.
Well, they managed to give Fabio an "I'm much smarter than they think I am :)" edit despite never knowing what was going on at any point in the game, so it could be done Or they could just show Keith being Keith and a large majority of the audience would still in all likelihood be okay with his win anyway
Look at it and tell me you don't want a shower.
Arnt all servers on the same hardware?
Runway is the unpaid internship of the fashion world.
What a story, mark!
I'm black and no this isn't the case for all of us.
Hey, last time we got some pretty useful railroads out of the deal, who knows what they'll build this time?
I'm sure it's internet-whining and not hours of work, sweat, and buckets of money that will see the game through to its full potential.
Look on the bright side at least we get Toy Chest!
fucking why
AND DRIVING.
What would I have done without your parenthetical explanation?
Well that shouldn't be difficult considering flies have hundreds of eyes.
No way, they absolutely need more artists to make skins for additional cases.
Hopefully you'll have that deal and the yearly Karim Benzema bid wrapped up in January.
Two Muslim men to witnesses the Jewish boy behaving badly?
THE DOUBLE AWP B SET UP WORKS EVERYTIME
Unfortunately I am, that homework did not get submitted on time...
you press the mouse wheel to move camera without the touching the edge.
Ranks above LE aren't achievable for NA anymore after update.
And enable 2FA for your password manager.
But I have to test out my new bluetooth headphones, and I'm in the bathroom so it doesn't count.
Heh, is your X2's super neutrality not enough
I don't think you can come back once you downgrade unfortunately
Get ready to run over by a car on sidewalk and getting hunted by motorcyclists
I... I GET THE REFERENCE Mum I did something
Got any timestamps?
nip obviously
They wanted to bring some of the old elements back, like the graphics!
I thought she was Asian because of her voice.
It's not so much pessimism as disappointment in the number of people who are so fascinated by their own xenophobia.
Aw fuck.
Well, cryptocurrency is firmly rooted in the belief that individuals are better than the masses.
Yeah, simple stress relievers are simply the most embarrassing thing about the human species.
I read this in a Russian accent, made it much more entertaining.
it's definitely dust 2
^He ^hasn't ^had 300 bitches, where's the Trojans?
HAPPY CAKEDAY!
It's weigh... Stupid
Are you PC bro!
FUCK.
How are they always picked to do well in the division?
Here's your damn strike!
But you're not judging... out loud.
Call the NSA, he's arming muslims!
A^y^y^l^m^a^o
I love those headphones.
great video, though im not a fan of curse entertainment...
Yeah Im fucking awful with every single one of these champions thats why Im asking for them to be more rewarding when played well
Yes, because the cost is the only issue here, not the principle at all...
Not gonna lie, a flying disk would be amazing.
It's a great use of our politicians time to make sure 0.5% of the population doesn't slip through untaxed!
Where have you been?
Calling it mediocre is a compliment
Want I would give to have someone ask him that during during a debate!
And then of course that same DM seemed to go out of his way to ignore plot hooks and obvious story linearity when I tried *my* first go at DMing.
If you are actually claiming iGs roster outside of kakao is worse then WE without spirit... I have no words, you have to be just trolling me
This is because hard bots teach you how to farm bots, which isn't actually that game winning in real games.
Jet fuel can't melt dank memes.
Kanye west.
OMG INTERESTING AS FUCK!
I'm sure the police would bother with finding 40 people for a thief.
That stash box is top shelf man where'd she get that?
HMM, can you give a TL:DR of rule changes in 2017?
Monarchos159 305
You say no but I bet people have thought this and the government has a way of doing it.
That woman in Saint John TOTALLY felt it.
I wonder what they're congratulating the crystal gems for?
FUCK THIS COUNTRY, I'M MOVING TO HAWAII
Plus an umbrella, spare plastic bags, a couple of pens, ear buds for my phone and a mouse.
But 5th dragon sunfire OP!
Oh yes because Odor hits so much better.
what do they mean with mandatory testing?
You mean momentum right?
Looks like that husky/weezy voice of his is hereditary haha
You're welcome!
Can't wait for those sweet Caitlyn and Leona nerfs.
The responses you give would be because WWE already did it perfect 1st time round and most people feel (or felt, I haven't followed what TNA is doing lately) that they are just taking iconic WWE moments without the thought process behind why it became iconic.
No, I just like to paint and have low self esteem
From The Vault: Money you know what's inside
Don't tell me, tell him
For once people get to downvote because you're contributing nothing to the discussion and not just because you're an ass.
I don't understand it so it isn't real art
What about Locke?
I love my shitbox with my fartcan
Not as easy with a perfectly cooked new york strip steak, baked potatoes, fries, rolls, and cinnamon butter.
Just laugh on the inside... they're literally paying you as they poison themselves.
Burn it then drink the ashes in one sitting and go on with my life.
Det er flygtningene der belaster vores elnet med alle deres smarte digitale apparater!
VPN time
Celebrities can't change their opinions duh
It's like trying to outline your own shadow on the driveway with chalk.
same
Homeless guy is Saul Goodman in his later years.
All Middle Eastern people did 9/11, minus Israel of course
It's because these people don't have money management skills.
I think most ppl have.. There's no month dedicated to them
No no, silly person... it means you are free to express your love and admiration for the great Erdogan, Ataturk reborn.
So what happens when your phone breaks?
This is why we don't invite you to Thanksgiving Grandpa George!
Yeah, that's not creepy at all!
you must wear a tiny helmet.
Two day turn around what a nightmare.
...yet they keep going back for more?
Women be causing brothers to stumble
I don't believe a government with a long bloody history of supporting terrorists to destabilize regions would ever do that (again) (for the dozenth time)
And obviously if you take the electronics apart to learn about them you're purposefully trying to scare people!
Good thing HAR upped lots of homes at the max 10% homestead exception taxable.
Y
Everyone knows the Taliban think that Mohammed was a bad man.
As soon as I heard that I immediately knew this was going to be an EA/GG praise gang-bang session.
that sounds like a fun way to live
The only way to do this would be to figure out who is in charge and blackmale them
if this is true is a huge violation of private property laws and set a bad precedent, people have all kinds of idle private property not just housing, cars, land, shoes, food, money etc
God, what a fucking douche bag.
Either oblivious user is oblivious, or
So many good bands here, I appreciate your taste.
We just signed that Nelson Valdez fellow, he's a forward.
I identify as easily offended
except her flight was cancelled and her first gig here has already been postponed :(
Better than Lewandowski, he only got 5 in 9.
Classic cop.
It's for increased stability whilst drifting.
But they're all good people the gang members and drug dealers, if we told them they couldn't have guns they would give them up right like the rest of us.
Well I'm convinced, occupation_no_more.
It isn't hard to believe, they sell $89 shirts for 75% off all day!
Not report it, just get advice.
The fear would then be delegates combining at the convention against Sanders.
Some drops are waaaay to op for the level req's.
I'll do it for you.
People would've been pissed that there wouldn't have been any newcomers.
Implying swing voters would vote for a socialist before they vote for trump.
Guenin Stuart and Cliche?
Replace PvE modding system with PvP one, so there will be less "mandatory" mods
Right because poor people should go where it doesn't inconvenience us...
A lot of people do.
Obviously, drug abuse runs rife in that family
Better than drinking liquid dirt.
Such a fuccboi
das schreibt man neuerdings "Gulack"
Exactly
COPULATION IS ONLY FOR REPRODUCTION
Now i need to drill a hole on my desk
You mean a $50 season pass?
But Obama is the first *black* president!
...did you read the title?
I think they have a store in spokane....
And this is coming from SpeedFixTool, which I assume is the same company who makes this "tool," so you know it's a credible source.
I don't know... doughnuts taste nice?
I look forward to random pedants on reddit correcting me on this from now on.
So you need to use a third-party app to maintain your freedom instead of it coming inherently with the operating system... seems totally fine with me!
High sugar is best, alleviateso starvation mode quickest.
Balance if I do say so myself.
Wow, that algorithm really is all over the place right now.
Depends on the patch.
Ravan was high caste so he is bound to be the villain
Perhaps... we could pay them via PayPal for a response?
YEAH, FUCK YOU!
I have 25 years experience in Angular.
What a moron
Yeah everyone loves it when people surprise them at their doorstep.
If you don't do anything wrong then you have nothing to worry about.
Nice, thanks for the tip.
bout tree fiddy
You mean the Germans don't you.
Holy shit ingame sens of 360
Lebron to new york
*Hands popcorn*
You forgot the
Dude there's nothing cringey about windows movie maker videos
It has "fo yo momma" Carved into it
Eh, realistically the average male could still whoop her ass.
That's what happens when you listen to Bleed
It's only fair that they now get the worst end of the deal, imagine the loss of profits that will occur because of them
Obviously beats are the best in the world.
Guys, it's different formatting it makes it funnier.
Or you could learn to counter the invade...
I can't understand fashion, that means it sucks!
Better get a hard on because truthfully I'm completely fucked.
Silence ADC so he cant use the 100dmg spell while he rightclicks you to death, completly effective
pretty selfish for Dozier to deny his teammate a chance for back to back ASG saves
Listen and believe
It's okay to stereotype and insult the south because they're just dumb hicks!
And yet we definitely don't need better public transit.
Nah nah, its just even if we just get two dishes, we share the dish half and half between us.... so I never understood the people that were strictly against sharing food with their significant other
Yeah, I should be global.
As I read that headline I realize I just can't imagine why people would think that of conservatives.
Pfft what fucking nerds right?
i can hear those Hispanic votes for the GOP flooding in already!
But don't you know racism can only come from a position of power?
That way Monisha can sign 4 drivers for Sauber and 4 drivers for BMW and use money of 8 drivers for team development and thats completely ok beacuse she is doing it for team and ends justifies the means .Genius
Have a super meat boy and lil brimstone at the same time
Thank the bots.
serves troublemakers like you right, hopefully you have an awful wake and bake alone.
yeah the math is very important cus thats what is the point of this post
but watch out for those straight white men, they think theyre so entitled to your body!
Classic Udinese...
Check out NDCA's open video project, it is basically applicable to policy but some lectures like goals for debating as a sophomore and such I found very useful.
Your misogyny is triggering me.
Yeah, plain old water after a sandwich, that sounds awesome, really makes a person tremble with anticipation of their lunch break in what I'm sure is also an exciting job.
I hope that conclusion has been drawn after actually visiting an African country, not just from those 'dollar a day' ads on TV and watching CNN.
Nice gravel coin, turbo scrub!
I think they were raised separately, they had different mothers and both represent different countries.
Be careful now, you'll get downvoted for contributing to a discussion.
I do too.. Maybe theres a prostitute that knows the release date of Half life 3.. probably in GabeN's glorious sex dungeon
Lol, stop trolling this wonderful community
Shit forget my
One many people haven't heard of is Pixel Dungeon
I can't sleep after seeing this.
He reads in braille obviously.
you forgot the
Whoa that's so crazy, how did I know this was going to be the top comment.
This mindset helped me get from Bronze 3 to Plat 4 in 3 months
They used to have "Big Green" also up until recently, because we all know that protesting for environmental protection is a big-money industry.
Nah he just forgot
Oh so it's ok then
You're right, they should chase them, try to knock them off the road, or better... just shoot at the car.
No dude apparently you can just ignore douchebaggery at early ages because apparently everyone is like that at a young age!
Im so old I witnessed LaTroy Hawkins rookie debut!
Mark
totally worth a second rounder
I can't wait for Sunset 2, maybe they can put in a stretch goal for some QTE's while we do the dishes.
Yeah, why didn't they take a picture of just the track and ignore the backround?
The people who need it to articulate their thoughts I guess
But the installer was only 1.5MB
From east side of harlem can say things are really turning around
This guy gets it
Just concede
Aww.. so dicks can talk
ikr c9 should quit too
Yes, the pedophiles who look at child pornography are doing nothing wrong.
BS, this is clearly karma fishing and people never change on the internetz
That's racist!
Wow, he sounds like a proper hero.
Man, in the 20+ years of Dragon Ball, this joke has never ever ever grown stale
... and at least now that the election is on and parliament disolved, the suspension resulting from a minor misunderstanding has been lifted and Senator Brazeau is finally receiving a paycheque again.
Im just waiting for the zoro fans to say the same as well since he's obviously as strong as luffy
But the love we have is different!
something something throw
Lots of slow motion, loud dramatic music, closeups of characters faces with little to no dialogue, zero plot advancement and the feeling that every scene for the last 20 minutes is the end even though it's not.
Quit being such a pussy.
[[Ball of Spiders]]
Not sure, pulled it off twitter from my google search.
Meh, I don't care, its not like I really love this useless karma stuff
seems pocket friendly!
Would really like a solid answer on if etiz pops benzo tests.
Yea, the driver was probably driving a car he doesn't belong driving and breaking a law that makes your driving equivalent to that of a drunk driver, give him a break!
It's impossible for people all over the world to be racists.
5 easy installments of 19.99% gay.
I don't know if the US would win
Gringo here, shuddup and make me a taco sammich.
Yeah because animals were put here on earth only for us to use for different things.
Oh come on, it's not that bad of an arena...
i am triggerd by the use of the words pounds, kilograms, or anyother unit of wheight
Even my pet goldfish knows that sin is always written before cos, who taught you math?
Don't forget, combine measurables don't count on the field
Well the only meds I take are made by Watson, so I don't believe I'll be going to Roche for anything.
Listen, all the older people will just live off of their social security money, you know all that money they've contributed throughout their lives and which is waiting for them in an account
Forget cathedrals, Ashton Gate is the Mecca of English football
If this is fake, I will kill that person
I love it when games reward losers.
Whoa, victim blame much?
Any technology still distinguishable from magic is not advanced enough.
They are so oppressed!
Because we love that 6+ symbol in the corner so much.
Islam
What a new and unique idea.
At least check for a dashcamera
buying gf
F***ing cabal, stopping us from bullying others ^^^^^
Baby got back...
Reddit, Piratebay, Youporn, Pornhub, xHamster
I could never go back to living without TaoBao, JD and same/next day delivery.
Oh yeah, a guy who sold race-bait newsletters for decades probably has no idea he was standing next to a white supremacist, how could he even know?
1% of any demographic killing another, targeted demographic is WAY too much.
Yeah, it's such a shame that the Playstation is getting so much support from indie companies.
Deathrattle:change your hero power to the beta rogue version.
Ahahhahah, no.
How very bigoted of you
Hey I'm pretty sure every cavs fan knows about Mark Price and Brad Dougherty
Very insightful, much appreciated.
You mean making revolutionary fiery awesomeness.
As soon as they lock up Tobias long term, his cousin Channing becomes expendable.
2k hours is nothing in a mmo
I kind of hope this legitimately Mac Demarco leaving a comment on my post; though knowing the internet... haha
Yes, really.
Don't forget, we are a Miley Cyrus team
I play evasion acro and have 5600life maybe you aredoing it wrong.
Wouldn't have been the first time we won the super bowl with a less than worthy QB
Wow fuck them, they put subtitles on a video and then upload it again for their own views?
At least watch Guardians of the Galaxy!
that can apply to a lot of other countries as well
I'm fairly certain that all opioids begin life as opium.
ITT: Insecure and jealous westerners.
Your dad absolutely met the Duke, then.
Poor comparison
Well now we know that there is a bunch of idiots in European Parliament..
Sorry floof, I can't tear my eyes from all that delicious belleh!
Eh wouldn't care
It's been years since we've had anybody here, And we're obsessed
In a heartbeat, and the next day you'd see reddit decrying ORU and talking about how intolerant they are for not accepting all viewpoints.
Tomato
It's really the essence that matters.
Yep freshmen go home at most of these colleges and say "well technically its not in Boston" And the by junior year they've realized half of them have substantial campuses in Boston itself as well, including Harvard (lots in Allston plus the Longwood part of Brighton), now BC, Tufts (medical) etc
Waste of a nickel.
Finally, the Shakira game we've all been waiting for!
added :)
Na, I don't think so
how dare you fucking defile a calquat like that
I had a crash right after hacking a terminal
Nail Clippers
Sorry was just taking the Reddit circlejerk to the extreme
Not only is it in Etobicoke, but it's one of most famous attractions!
He might have not been there and was doing something else more important.
In the West Bank?
People in other countries don't have a crime for stealing cars.
Lol that's probably because forums are usually reserved for cars people actually like
As someone who enjoyed his work, I am saddened.
he was so close
What a perfect example of clickbait overgeneralization.
SON OF A....
RIP
I want somebody who is always speedy not somebody I need to talent for speed.
Turik so stronk
So people know u put ur weiner in some vadge
Please put a trigger warning on that blog.
S'BEEN AWHILLLLE!
I think it was the bulk of upgrades by mid-year, and some of the towers by end of year.
He has to attempt his best Batman voice!
you can blame it all on meeeeee!
LOL that is great.
Then he vehemently tried to explain that he attempted to stab the cashier.
Because Reddit consists of only one single user that can be characterized with only a few words.
Great, thanks for the detailed reply.
But what if it really is her and that's the best picture she has of herself and she is completely unaware of what this picture means in internet land?
Why would fnatic want another coach?
B-but when this was on the front page everybody said this was part of the national corporate media conspiracy to urge consumerism on its devilish path.
U forgot curls?
Please repost using [Tech] in the title.
Uhhh.. If everyone is fully healed then their Max HP **IS** their current HP lol
What are you trying to hide?
hallucinations are visual
Classic Alex
That should be a game show.
You only need live for multiplayer gaming now
Increase the local gravity by a factor of 10.
Brady 2.0 please
video?
Running the nickel coils on it with 50w 440 degrees
If I knew PS4 was such a pantie dropper I would have bought that and not a XBone.
Please tell me you reported him?
They should probably think about not working at GameStop.
ch - don't hate.
Go home dad, you're drunk
Lumpy Bag of Snouts
You get Megatron...
Added in edit
Actually, the hardest part of the map is just 240BPM streams, which he can do... Those 270BPM singletaps are not a problem nor the bursts... Maybe just the end bursts if they are still here but meh, he can pretty much FC it IMHO.
Should be grateful towards young then
maybe he had the camera with him when he found the body?
The 1960s needed more people like you.
Damn bernie just stumbled
And by the way, if you see your mom this weekend, will you be sure and tell her...
Cmon OP, Odin would crush both of them no contest
I really hope they get The Clone Wars in Ireland, I hate using VPNs to access it in the US.
Technically, the Koran has a passage somewhere saying all animals praise Allah in their own way, so, again, they're mostly just killing other Muslims.
Shhh, I wasn't constantly mining for gold, or using other things ;)
Do you believe they're unbiased now?
oh hell no
who fucking cares , 10 min deathball GG push no skill ermagerd
Dude, is clearly a fisherman.
Their mixed emotions have mixed emotions, it's crazy.
Of course it's EA we're talking about.
Women's sexual agency is scary as fuck to insecure men.
Well, Kirby is a fat/round baby penguin, Dedede a large self obsessed penguin, waddle dee and waddle door are round penguins without mouths...
Richard Lewis, obviously
No, but the bits come through *cleaner*.
I think it's a response to all the gay pride Facebook overlays
I'm so tired of Gawker's bullshit.
Imbalance in the past does not excuse imbalance in the future.
Yeah, because AIDS is the *only* reason condoms exist
You forgot the
That doesn't look like a man who concerns himself with women to be honest.
Priority notifications from lollipop.
the only nurse to get kicked out of the nursery for usin a baby as a ventriloquist dummy
I bet if the church hired a professional janitorial staff, then it wouldn't be a problem.
SHOOT HER ASS
yah it only matters when na loses
Story I've heard is that clause had a term in it and he has hit the maximum payment cap, so no further incentive to sell players.
this is the worst white knighting I've seen in a long time.
Says you
What exactly do you need?
Don't just leave the 45s on the barbell.
Fanboost
When they add the VFX it looks about the same.
Ain't like eu got trashtalk since the begining of the s5 until MSI, oh wait
This is Halo: Combat Evolved, also known as Halo CE, also known as Halo 1.
I'm aware of the difference, but I'm not seeing how you are demonstrating that the difference is relevant to this particular conversation.
Trevenant wants to learn phantom force, do you want me to delete a move?
Makes sense, plus the companionship and social stimulation it provides.
=)
Do you think it'll come out in Wing Raiders or no?
Is LeBron a top 10 player?
They secretly have a Bing rewards account in the millions they are saving to give to you as a trust fund.
*woosh*
Gets you suuuuuper high for like, 20 minutes.
It's a beloved pet, yes, and it is important but this is a dog that is becoming more and more aggressive and the owner is acting like a dog bite to a toddlers face is nbd!
Still need two more
TIL... :-)
Its Australia mate, the marine life is just bluebottle jellyfish and white sharks.
Chinese Democracy?
Can't tell if serious.
Wow, I have never seen this before.
I'll need a source on that "prescribed weight loss for a severed limb" claim.
hes quite a fucker, i played him every game and even when he was on 80% fitness he threatened to leave if he didnt get to play each and every game
That's because he is a corporation.
I can guarantee it isn't that, I finished and platinumed the game, got the Yharnam stone but FS wouldn't be as stupid as to make the unlock an optional item in a laborious, boring and extremely difficult part of the game that most players would never even get to, just to access PAYED DLC.
Right back at you!
its simple if u follow it it won't be hidden so simply follow it they can't hide that end of story
Sounds like a question for the Freakanomics people
Clearly everybody should follow this guy's personal moral standards and only have a slight emotional attachment to CLG so we don't have to partake in any rivalries or banters, cause you know, that's totally not a part of being a fan and supporting your team.
only one champion that could have come from
Yeah because every game runs DX12
Then how'd we do it the fist time?
Wimminfolk ain't good for nuffin but makin chilluns
WAIT WAIT WAIT HE LEFT TSM FOR H2K WTF?
Yeah it's too bad there are absolutely no good musicians living today.
I, for one, was pleased to see a Mormon shrew with the strength, courage, tenacity, fortitude, and stick-to-it-tive-ness to tackle such a horrible, pernicious, awful, and dehumanizing addiction.
Sounds like you're pretty salty about your inability to read in a thread that is still top for today.
Hahaha holy crap thats dead on
That's just awesome.
Yeah, throwing her into Thor, Panther, or Captain Marvel would be weird as hell
RIP Keyboard F
they don't have police and metal detectors in the movies
Rito's master plan, force everyone into making new accounts by removing rewards for those with any strikes to increase RP sales.
*snap* Yes!
Glued it to a piece of aluminum and shaped it properly.
Now if I only knew how to check it.
That was my second choice
Sign Tebow?
But the T side had economic advantage
We have older people participating in this sport too.
Sure, traditional views have plenty of things wrong with them.
He should keep practicing the arrow is supposed to rest against the string
I know too bad plagiarism hasn't become a mainstream term yet
Well I'm always available
you dropped the
I'm not ready to go that far...
Surely Sweden will give them Kashmir Jackets and Penthouses to live in, I mean look how well off native homeless swedes has it.
I know obviously these women are ~~getting uppity~~ not fulfilling their god given roles.
This is ever so much more fun to experience in California with the drought!
Throw it again, I fucking dare you.
All I see is someone resorting to screaming nazi and can't cope with reality and supports those who disregard laws and who put a kid's life in danger for the camera.
*in some random housewives of Atlanta cast member voice* The Shade Hunty, the shade!
Please, find one other source spouting the same stupid lies you are.
So that's why we didn't get a demo
u-o7
But clash is love, clash is life
Good God, we need to pray for Jim sterling to review this one
Guess ppl can't tell its
Point granted.
What are you a fag
If you're silver avoid Kog and Draven, get Varus
What if I told you that closing the borders only delays the problem, it doesn't solve it.
Yeah, how dare him be born that way.
Username checks out
Five hundred and ninety-nine US dollars
Crazy town; the law and order types in the city ought to support a tax on cigarettes and coffee to pay for these broken windows since that's what the protester types spend their money on.
I hope thats a
I thought this was game 2.
Don't forget 'Rado!
I feel this needs a straw poll to decide what the community wants.
You see, women, (including my waifu),*want* to get raped by tentacle monsters!
Hodor
I'm leaving eso bye.
No, it's definitely time to start crowning Super Bowl champions
Real life Cartman.
id be punchin' a wall
Clearly you're an "asshole racist"
# **badassblastoise** [](#kreygasm)
Oh yeah it'a all in their minds and Spark is no longer the worst company to deal with in NZ.
But I don't want an autistic dog.
Don't worry guys the free market will stop things like this from happening once we get rid of the EPA!
because all potheads are incoherent dumbasses hurrdurr
As opposed to the ones Starbucks provides?
This is total BS, we know every molecule of CO2 in the Atmosphere and where it came from.
I wonder where people got the idea that KiA is a right-wing sub with overlap from move infamous hate sub.
The ACLJ might take it...
I'm pretty sure he's trolling or forgot the
Kevin Bacon?
Might as well go back to being a peasant then, some of us worked hard to be here!
Seems like right kind of education
KiA is about ethics, and hypocrisy is unethical, so how could that be?
Such robbery
What were Riot's missteps?
Such a long playoff drought
WOW I am incredibly hurt and TRIGGERED right now
Yea stop doing your job stupid media we want facts and details stripped from all our news it makes us feel better.
I think you dropped your
Also Massachusetts, and mine also showed up on my TransUnion report and not my Experian one.
never looked at them as "scorecards," but holy shit that's so true... "Become a suicidal mass murderer and CNN will show how well u did compared to your predecessors!"
But according to tumblr and parts of reddit women can't POSSIBLY rape men.
Yeah and everyone who doesnt like it is a worthless piece of shit with no taste.
Are you really in favour of a second Jets spoon that much?
Highlighting Pain Gaming Kami, aka THE BRAZILIAN FAKER, getting his blue isn't pointless!
Of course, how did I not see it before; and while we're at it we can stop war by outlawing chess!
A 5'7" manlet ;-) Not midget sized, but short enough to be looked over by most women.
But do you have proof that they aren't stealing the balls though
o yes Origin stories are the best !
How much more progress can we make in science, we've already got cars and planes, we should probably just leave it there.
hahahaha so humorous
Best buff ever!
Im sure these children will grow up to respect and admire authority figures.
You don't like the Aquilinis' taste in music?
Sending prayers.
Wait you made the previous icons?
Yeah, because this totally wouldn't happen in any other state.
Hence the word "might" to clarify my uncertainty, but thanks for all the downvotes anyway!
yes it does, duh
Forgot to put
They've made him into a gun expert, with years of shooting and hunting experience, expert marksman, and trained in the military as a weapon's expert, so I'm boned on turning him into a hobbyist.
Surprising lack of Riggers and/or contraptions.
Ok I know it looks bad but think of it this way, once you're done you get to bash a minion's skull in!
E V E R Y O N E
But moderates...
russian=hackers cookiezi=hacker cookiezi=russian
The scene of the detectives finding planted intellectual books in the trash in I Heart Huckabees comes to mind.
Look it you ABBA loving SOB... don't stop watching, don't EVER stop watching.
fucking iphone faggots get on my euphoria level
Actually it's 1,534,493 Get it right
Let's just stop doing things period since everything is apparently some type of oppreshun nowadays...
But, but, but what about the three nephites?
Like it says in the study, the pineal gland is not protected by the blood brain barrier, so the idea that a toxic amount of fluoride might have an effect on a gland that's unprotected from the bloodstream is shocking really.
You're clearly an electrician.
I hear that getting shot with smaller caliber rounds builds up an immunity to larger calibers.
Try splitting it so the vitamins are at night maybe?
Dukh ki baat to ye hai ki aliens ne hamare upar 50 baar hamle kr diye hain
Why spend money building poor people up when you could spend that same money just locking them up?
Only if you watched haram things
Western Imperialism!
This is payback from 2010 motherfucker
Yeah but in America we have the *freedom* to buy any healthcare plan we can afford!
As a republican... I fucking cringed
I remember that ultra-realism that previous Star Fox titles went for in their art design too...
Yep, even worse then the Holocaust, 100% horrible ... ... ...
Deathstroke
Jailbait and barely legal pictures of minors, duh.
Dammit, we have bird down south...
Yes, she obviously dyed her skin black for attention.
What a scrub!
It's not like they're unique for doing that, every studio does this
That's a good one.
More like natural selection
I don't see the pickup line.
..and it's so satisfying.
Yeah but that's *spain* though, it's nothing to be proud of, it is no germany ;P i kid i kid
It probably will be the next local needs, everything is spirit guided right?
I want a solar burn rocket launcher with shank burn... Nightfall won't know what hit it
Yeah because organizations like the Taliban don't have any part in that.
Isnt that how their religion was founded?
Where did he come out of?
THE WINDOW THO.
at least she isn't racist against illegals
She's got her singing career.
Good thing it doesn't have a pistol grip or else someone would certainly go on a shooting spree!
The delays have really upped my productivity since I'm spending so much more time not just sitting around playing video games.
Farting.
You forgot the
Except when GTA5 comes with a cash card...
great concept
Litterbugs!
What's the Free Agent Market looking like for Batting Coaches?
they eat them
***l o n l i n e s s*** is the most ***s l o w*** and ***p a i n f u l*** death
So toxic.
Yeah, hum, good luck with that.
calm down it's just qol bro
Yeah what does LS know, It's not like he's been a more active player and team staff of teams than Monte or Thoorin.
p. sure wizardchan is a nice, totally non-toxic support group for lonely, sad people who are 100% sympathetic and incapable of uncritically drifting into hateful territory tho
I do the same as the guy on the left almost every day on the job
Damn, one of those guys couldve gone blind
I'm scared...
It's like how they joined the reddit revolt because of the mod tools, while we co-opted it because we hate women.
Yes, because you should only show your support for the person who is most likely to win
There's *always* time to drip.
Yeah this match doesn't matter like the finals, they are playing for peanuts now.
Can't wait to see this on The Know tomorrow.
But judges are supposed to be above the realm of politics
Western shill!
You're just pissy 'cause you're on your period
Jackie's face totally indicates she is buying this bridge Vanessa is trying to sell.
Playing on a Razer mouse?
Flight
BL3, because why have 6 shots ever 12 seconds for 4 power when you can have 5 shots every 19 seconds for 4 power?
But Apple will probably have a full-fledged Macbook condensed down to a wristwatch by next month.
Fascist cops killing all the fun
S
Sounds much more sensible
Oh come on... a good 40 ton of bricks can be easily secured with 7 straps...
At this point, I'll be surprised if we aren't last in the division this season!
She probably had vaccination.
Well that sure adds a lot to the discussion.
Yeah, I also prefer the "three call mid, two call adc, then two people instalock the same role, the rest argues and picks troll champs" mode.
You dropped this
You sound like a delightful person to spend time with.
Well hell, now that you put it to me this way.......
So I know if I should hope for an injury or not
quite clearly the solution is to replace every enemy with giant hammer brothers and giant bowsers, and give no items
He didn't know the game was going to be scary
I bet it would just be a matter of marching.
Yeah, but all people on food stamps are living off the governments teet and never want to achieve more out of life!
Good thing the campus is ready for more bike traffic!
So you are saying that a fringe deck can't win 100% against X?
Even if he looked like a balding Brad Pitt?
io sono passato direttamente al trasferimento in america
Because you're part of the patriarchy trying to shame womynz.
Wait, you just don't understand, it's about gaming journalism.
How else could you explain someone using an 8350 with that GPU?
It's not?
I'm allergic to soup.
My entire worldview has been shattered by this revelation!
But the feminist and SJWs would take over.....
Banned
Yeah, because the two are totally the same.
Hurr hurr welcome to 2013...
B-But mah feels!
I hate everyone so I don't know that I can be considered -ist anything... I am the Chosen One.
The brave capitalists looking to exploit all viable markets.
There's
Dyrus's AMA ... Do you really need a
God damn, that pre 2013 offensive line...
I imagine those were his last words.
Unfortunately, the one in Donetsk was subject to russian peacefull reclaimings of their motherland, and is gone.
Ironically I was thinking the exact same thing...
Wait I thought Deathstroke was Batman?
I think you mean roster...
Totally didn't trip over the other guy
With the way CIG optimizes games, I agree with this.
I got my Adidas Tubular X's for about $140, and I saw a post not long after where some guy got the primeknits for like $15... I was salty.
Dispatches from Knucklehead America.
We don't owe China any money.
I want then to pick a fucking aide, women are super strong goddesses who don't need a man, or super fragile delicate flowers, who need puppies and safe spaces, and no clapping, they not only want to have their cake and eat it ttoo, but want everyone else's as well.
XP or Vista?
Wouldn't that leave a hole?
i works for DS but not Dota 2 tho.........skillshotting that meathook will be very hard....then again peasants want it because they want to mein kampf
I've lost many a night to Takka...
washington is not in the championship contender tier
I bet his friends even told him it counted, but in their head....they knew.
Watch her never get pushed now, despite being the most over / talented women on the roster.
1000 Little Things but looks like they last posted on Facebook in March that they were having a closing out sale.
Isn't the leader of Isis like a extreme Islam frantic or follows it strictly ...and to my knowledge doesn't the Quran say to set up a Islamic state
Asspen
*Watchmen* is a good treatise on why vigilante justice is suspect.
Go back to sleep you little shit.
Is it at all humanly possible to do that waveshine where you turn yourself around?
Funny, but I bet there would be hell to pay if someone defaced one of the church adopt-a-highway signs.
If they cover your legs, then they're pants.
I was joking
Wat
But reddit told me Fnatic was poor?
and Dave going through it in 3 years... to the dismay of the new tenants?
You're right they aren't all rapist and murders some of them just watch and cheer on the rapist and murderers, because thats not bad at all.
Sounds good
Kevin Feige.
interestingly, Donald Trump is also going after the black vote with the anti-illegal immigration thing since it negatively affects the black community at a higher rate.
I love the girl at 2:08 I saw her in many videos so far
Yeah.....but now I'm blind :(
Fair point :)
Release clause
And even the top post of all time only has a score of 25.
I have a breadtoaster next to my watersink.
Nice the CND really shows that
I'm not sure it has this feature, but MongoChef is pretty good, I like it so far.
Do you even lift bro?
Neither are republicans.
Eh,it's not really an issue though.
It's her yesyes part now.
When I got picked it was for someone suing their landlord.
Hosley couldn't cover a plastic bag blowing in the wind
Because we all get Free boats from Obama.. and who does not want a free boat.
Yes it did.
ok sheesh
On the flip side not all properties in a block have the same agent, so quite often there is nothing they can do.
But it should.
There are literally dozens of us!
Trump is a joke of a candidate.
Well, she didn't die that we know of.
He was the richest man in America for quit a while, IIRC
Maybe for you.
Guess I'm calling for a rocket launcher the second I land.
Well it does...there was a huge megathread about it.
Nice they got guns.
Colt deserves more opportunities to start, it's unfair to judge him for his days in Cleveland.
*cough*NaniteSub*cough*
I don't do drugs... at this exact moment.
Runelabs this and get 2k votes like blood dye
~1k hours afk, majors...
I'd love an app where I could type in a restaurant and it would show me all of the vegan options!
I dont get that
Beat everyone else to it, I like your style.
Napoleon's angry ghost
oh no
You're the worst kind of player.
Fear makes the wolf look bigger.
I also hate when someone is in my car and I'm listening to my music and they tell me it sucks... Then get out and walk.
I'm still excited about him DC is just on another level.
Bai ji, Punjabi's love Bhagwant Mann's karnaame.
What'd he say?
22 here and still find Duncan screaming hilarious.
You forgot the
Fucking commie
Oh my bad didn't see Nicki Minaj first time I looked through comments
Tony Abbott would appreciate this.
Anything that gives women choices, which god says they shouldn't have.
LoPW:AWoPAL for short.
GunsPoint,lots of TNB,bus lines &amp; general misbehavior.
yeah fuck you
I mean after that game I have been giving upvotes to everything with a G in it lol.
Should be called smuggling raisins.
It's got what plants crave!
This.
But it's part of their cultural identity
Her ults looks really weak (dmg wise) tbh.
Also, unless you want Toronto's core to look like Brampton, urban density is something to strive for and giant parking lots (as most often seen connected to giant big box stores) are something to be avoided.
That is ridiculously high, well above even the national average.
Oh, you mean common sense?
I have never heard this, that is fascinating.
He's just not mature enough to be a father
How about we get rid of this idea as you know it isn't going to happen?
But...But...CatBros
He's desperately trying to convince himself everything is okay and that he hasn't ruined his relationship by following RP bullshit.
No
Because I don't like you motherfucker.
NOTHING MUCH WHATS UP WITH YOU
thanks
It is your wording, it could be interpreted as "AAS use til cause infertiality", rather than what you were trying to say which was "Your fertility is lowered, or maybe destroyed WHILE on cycle"..
Gratulations to finding a hero you enjoy :) Gl further
I got one on r/hardwareswap for 100 bucks
You can start by firing Crennel
nyooOOOOM
You don't disable UAC, you make them a new account that's not an administrator.
I'd give credit for Kapenen and Sundqvist to the Shero regime FWIW.
Don't you already get six piis every hour if you play on the JP server?
Way to short-shame me shitlord
Fitz plays football like I play Madden.
Great, You turned me into furry.
My representative / senator is one of the few good guys.
but but the premiums are so op...
Poland
Well then it's a good thing I wasn't planning to invest this $10,000 here based on that information.
And all this is happening while people are making an effort NOT to get into collisions while driving, as opposed to nearly all injury and death caused with guns to be deliberate.
We're only down 14....
TBH I only want to common events.
survive it by microing intensely
Shhh he's the kind of guy who thinks a parsec is a measurement of time and not length..
Why?
ah, apologies then
I JUST WANT A LIFE PARTNER I DON'T EVEN CARE ABOUT A RING UGH THESE PEOPLE
Not a copy of Summoner's Rift
How does being a prick merit a criminal sentence?
Colin Trevorrow!
Other teams still have some home games, so maybe one of *those* QBs will break the record.
After thinking about Android's UI on tablets, and just how heavy the OS is compared to W10, and the kinds of heavy Windows applications that I generally use, and my experience with WINE during my Linux days, my only thought is.... why?
So your telling me we all didn't buy a $200+ GPU just to stream Xbox games to our computer.
I love how you linked to a wikipedia article that literally contradicts your title.
Kids get molested anyway, why bother trying to stop it?
Let sleeping dogs lie.
If this is what you do with this scene... I'm salivating, wondering what you could do with some of the others.
From experience: because their moderator is a power-tripping asshole, which makes it difficult to exchange ideas in that sub.
He's doing CNG so he already is.
dark for days sounds like an emo punk band name
Not just Corollas, but it seems there's a particular age range of economy cars in general that attracts more poor drivers, usually drivers of the distracted/oblivious/excessively slow variety rather than the aggressive assholes.
Have not of done *what*?
I wasn't really referencing the chart as much as I can't believe i am seeing other posts claiming Petty to be the future when Geno was better in college playing in the same system
No man, they did it to protect us and make steam better
Thank you media for teaching me independent thinking!
LSD helps.
You don't have to have sex if you're scared but spending a weekend alone even just cuddling will do more than baking I think.
I know you're only joking, but I still think you should be punished for using the phrase "respectable vegan".
Man I wanna do that now
Well you can always sell a kidney to pay for the trip :)
you're high, hes just big boned
Lol @ Did you throw a shop towel in the box to attempt to comfort the animal?
visionary
Unfortunately, I think we're far from the bottom of their slope...
He's a racist!
JUST PRAY THE LAWSUIT AWAY!
Why would I want a magazine in finnish?
But the rest of the OS is slower so that's okay.
Okay, thanks for the help!
Prediction: Evil Morty springs rick out of space prison stemming from a fascination that a Rick actually cares for a Morty.
[testaasdsd]
Usually there's also a guy in blue fluorescent body paint hovering behind me and talking to me loudly about which card I should play next
Because it is 100% impossible to make money off of being famous.
That's just a character statement
ITT: people think girls not knowing their personal taste is their mistake.
4/5 on the ML says all you need to know.
They haven't been produced since, what, 10 years ago?
I completely concur, and I don't think that's unfair in the slightest.
I never played any of the other MGS games so i dunno
Ok ill see what i can do
That's pretty cool and i hate wasting money on car junk
Yes because a Damn near 100% lcs pick/ban rate isn't champion material
It said Mack got 1 sack and I assumed QB hit was a different stat
*Punch* "Giggity" *Punch* "Giggity" *Punch punch punch* "Giggity, giggity, giggity"
Shit
How could you even consider our healthcare system with all the gays and illegals running around?
If you can't rely on a minor to behave, you shouldn't be leaving them alone, no?
Good article.
LOL for someone illiterate in biology you love trying to use biology (in the wrong way) as excuses for truths you doesn't like...
Best $5 I've spent on this game.
You should be entitled to a free basic income
They are a bunch of liberals who are trying to conspire against awar kulcha
Ja want je wilt sittard echt erbij hebben
You're right, the marketing is totally on point!
*You're
all gods are good if they dont fall behind, that point is moot
Would that be Potts Disease?
The same place he says you can wear your silly hat, "Bishop"
I tp'ed to my res, and them fell straight through the floor, and out of the world \o/
Battle 1 # decide the destiny
I didn't know Kobe was on reddit
as if the Pats need to film the cowboys sorry offense.
Germany II: Germany *Harder*
I hardly run PS while doing world events, since I mostly never join groups outside of dungeons, where I run a PS Meta build.
Its important to keep in mind that many principals have PhD level education and many superintendents have decades of experience either in the classroom or in administration.
How dare you defy our freedom!
Well, one sure did ScreaM a lot...
Somebody please file an RTI with cultural ministry to know soul of India.
So we're signing Tebow, right?
Yeah we all know how those millenial democrats really love the taxi unions and hate Uber
The graphic torture description (the execution scene towards the end) in the second book might be the most disturbing thing I've ever read.
All those audience members are persecuting him because of his faith!
See that one all the time in the NFL!
My books must have had their batteries die because I don't remember that.
Fucking hyped, fuck vandoorne that little shit!
One step closer to becoming North Korea, yay!
He isn't racist, he just doesn't want those violent blacks to have guns!
Fun times.
I want to see him fight Justin Gaethge
Thanks for explanation.
Nope, but i'm sure a lot of storage places do the same thing.
Yeah, makes total sense Morgan gets to Alexandria then leaves and discovers hilltop, becomes their recruiter and then finds his way back to Alexandria and so on.
Because if you're an amazing person in real life, but you die due to a forest fire, you're going to hell, right?
Home Depot?
Do what?
Nah, I'm sure it will be fine and not a shit show at all
I thought men walked in groups so they could collectively attack isolated women
i think your explanation is to complex for him, remember hi ask for a Eli5
Came here for this, first thing I thought was "We need to get some big ass apples and a kiddie pool of caramel"
Or alternatively use a task killer.
Well no, the reason that Kota lost is that Susie is a literal descendant of Satan.
Rotundas*
/mdance
Now let's trade him for an old dude!
Yup buddy
Oh, ok, well, that hardened fact clears everything up.
Need to end your comment with an
its obviously because of vaccines
No
OP, these are just real buildings, you said screenshots OP, GAWD!
Floirda.
Lamar Miller, CJ Anderson, Ameer Abdullah, Demarco Murray and, did I mention Lamar Miller?
Yes they are gorgeous, but all I really want to know is ARE THEY SKIING UP THERE YET?
If any one was wondering, this is yet another expense claim in addition to all the others reported.
couldn't be any more british
Had Wiglesworth been within earshot, she probably would have thought Tasha was talking about her.
Don't worry, the free market will balance out... any day now...
Who is Mojo?
So, is this Velvet Kiss?
Yes, that's definitely a solution.
There's a business model guaranteed to pay off big when the options vest.
EDNOS just doesn't sound as serious as anorexia, though
My god puhleeeaaase this.
Capitalism means we can buy another earth, or have a contractor whip up a Dyson sphere
None of the above!
ONE LIKE = ONE MORE DAY ALIVE
So it thinks it's fast?
No, you don't understand, someone else on my team having 4 more stability than me ruins my PvE experience
Can we get a sub-wide ban on mentioning the weissman score?
I'm not gonna kill you, but I don't have to save you either.
Aside from the one already said, "I'm really feeling it" jokes.
I'm still waiting for zombies to be added
Soooo much diversity.
lol you must be new here
But I thought Tumblr was le land of evil SJWs who hate us poor white men!
what it there were soap that killed only Bad bacteria
We prefer the term "ideologically inclusive".
I guess I should have added an
Good, look at that face!
Have fun grinding a full set of Death Stench relic armor!
maybe he just needed a hug.
There are no combos in smash 4
Huh, I thought it was usually women that stole their husbands' money.
Math too, thanks
yo what bar dawg
*raises hand* that's me... Qq sum mor fgt
this is going straight to r/bretibartinaction it is attacking the politically correct regime, until they do it to us... then it is tyranny and we don't like being treated like we treat other people because jesus was against that principle.
We'll have snow every December.
Because the kiddy fiddling cockblaster was wearing red and white.
Ooh I love satanic pastimes
Nothing to drive that base enthusiasm up for midterms like a Hillary Clinton presidency!
The color beige.
Let's go to r/Connery?
idk man it was just so similar to when Gangplank was laughing in the river as a teaser to his rework
I love when people put "vintage" in front of a rusty tool, it competently justifies the price.
Read through a pile of responses and didn't see, pretending we care.
almost all servers use autobhop afaik anyways :)
lmao nice he blocked a lee sin q with a clone... yeah very skilled...
All the greatest romance stories in the world begin with a text message at 3am on a Tuesday.
Maybe twice if you like it :P
Spre deosebire de prezentul glorios in care atat prietenii nostri Germani, cat si cei Americani ne sprijina la maxim sa dezvoltam sectoare economice high-tech.
poutine
What...You don't need seo services in India?
We're not allowed to say that anymore.
It wasn't even an opinion piece, it was purely satirical.
If that's not genius than I don't know what is.
Fuck off mate, my life is too important to be courteous to strangers.
The straight man was on Better off Ted!
There new browser is called edge
clearly a console port
See my comment at the top of the comments.
This is the way liberals treat Christians in the U.S.
Trade him for a SP, its GUARANTEED playoffs
[UJ] I don't see why not, they could be fun.
on the other hand, we DO have the money to put our kids in braces.
We'll clearly make the finals
since nobody else has suggested this yet, consider sending this to HR
Well, your first chance to step up is getting off that Skoal shit.
they gotta fund dem dota tournamtents
What... what happens if I stick my dick into the tub?
GIRL GAMER SHE IS THE ONE OP
You dropped this
The cars exchange QR codes before the drivers even step out.
Just get some red chrome paint from your local discount auto store and paint your brake discs.
Finally found something not made/owned by TATA
Because no song which is not at ~140 bpm with a half time beat has ever used a synthesizer with a low frequency oscillator.
He knows what's right for him and you're just like the man trying to keep him down
...Crying like a bitch... That's an attitude that will get you really far in a relationship.
Until you get to the highway then fuck speed limits!
No we will win a ton of NCG's then go to the SEC and blow you out ever year
But its cool, I added some awesome metal to it.
Is this Anna Kendrick?
Only because you want to stop a triple kill.
Then why do we have to tell you what time it comes on dammit?
And that's why we should nerf five seven and tec9, that the second round becomes next to unwinnable if you lost pistol round, so the pistol round becomes even more important.
Maybe he's the 5th clone, like Venom Snake!
i'm tryin to watch my weight
At least they got to have their own land from the government though
I hear Wyoming is a fat only state.
Stop trying to make this not about race!
Well, does this method of catching him involve putting his hologram in hologram jail?
Inb4 contraban sticker.
If I lived in New York City, I'd totally go full arsonist on NWS right about now.
I'm having improved performance, but I'm having a really bad camera problem where I can't freely turn/look, it gets locked at a certain angle.
Oh good, so it's only 30 minutes of low brow comedy.
As a black man im offended due to how my race was not included in messing up the kitchen, implying that slavery and staying outside and no inside.
But it's not a REAL authentic Irish pub unless you advertise your Irish Carbombs.
Yeah because they said it's only the Chinese that do it.
ITT: A bunch of low skilled workers in entry level positions complaining about not getting a raise for a position that could be automated.
Yeah, they're going to release a brand new UI to millions of people at the same time untested in November.
Why not just open all your leads now, and trade up to an iron for the new merc :)
Couldn't you just give them a suggestion to be fully satisfied with your services?
His beauty and unrepetentant genius is impossible to gaze upon without awe!
You use it to get to lane faster because tp is on cooldown duh.
Danny De Vito starring as Shao Khan.
Am I supposed to come in now and say "hey its me ur brother"?
Right, because they don't owe the fans anything at all.
Yeah and fuck seatbelts too amirite?
Think about it they threw away Becky and still have Meg in their alliance Fucking Meg...this 2 person alliance is going to slay the competition
Oh Super.
I'm still waiting for BOS aka POS 2, it'll be a fucking masterpiece.
Yea and the human eye can't see more than 24fps.
U'd think i wouldnt need a
I always roll my eyes when feeling my asshole.
For Becky: Drive By, by Train
Wow Simon Cowell being in their... that's just disgraceful by Volvo
Yes, because those are obviously the only people in history who were ever hung.
But the rich totally legit earned their money without exploiting anyone!
Then what on earth is your excuse for such an ignorant statement?
Finding the maid's paycheck.
It never happened...
But everyone knows Kap is a dummy who can't make reads prior to the snap!
Oh great, I'll just stream music a bunch of music and ignore my nazi data plan.
Why would Rakuten go around down voting stupid questions?
Maybe she didn't even notice him putting the gloves on because the palms were missing
You've never seen the commercials for Harvard and Yale on daytime TV?
Yep, i'm only interested in people that consume the same media as me - otherwise we would have nothing to talk about
Yeah, I'm sure he'd love playing with Isaiah again
You forgot the
Nah your eyes can only see 23.94fps
BUTTS
Find em Hot, Leave em Wet" or "Fight what you Fear"!.
Nothing special all captured from Debaltseve in mint condition.
You mean it *is* working but not quite good enough since we only stopped *some* but not *all* so we should throw even *more* money at it so we can make sure we have no ISIS in the US next time
you forgot the
Bro if you drop your phat then pick it up you obviously lured a phat
But he's innocent!
But it *is* my work...
How do you cope with base Modano?
When you take time off porn, try some history.
Good thing he was a Police officer and not someone who can commit crimes.
You forgot the
wait so this is actually witcher 1 graphics?
well you sure proved him wrong
It's called The Interview
I know guys like you, your the hot guy who can just walk around town, you put your arms out and just collect ladies, like a snow plow!
This really should be tagged as spoilers.
Why dont they just kill each other then
put in bag with rice, all should be fine
You're eyes can't see more than 24 FPS, I call BS
Don't be silly, all British people are white, so they never get to be offended by anything ever.
Maybe she's a wizard and shat out a kitten...
That goes for you too, Christopher Tolkien!
And it took them 5 minutes to fix it to what jerks.
Well its nice to know he really is deeply involved in his job
Yeah, you're right, let's just stick our heads in the sand and wait for instructions.
what happens between 3 to 6?
those are peakocks
Sure, Satan
Your*
?
Yes
We also ask the Filipinos if they can lend any troops to reinforce our holdings in Incheon and Pohang.
Look up this word: Projection
My pleasure!
The Shulks sold out?
ESPN has more coverage of an NFL player that hasn't played competitive hockey since he was 13 than actual NHL coverage.
Nah they have guns and freedom.
my asteroids textures are all fucked up now in DX9 with the lastest update.
Advanced Supply Drops
Spring forward, fall back.
Yea, I've always felt star wars was way too self referencing...once in ahwhile is cool but it most of the time it seems forced and pointless IMO.
You dun fucked up A-a-ron!
I would just decarb it raw as is and make some budder.
Iirc she (and Obama) had a carbon tax/cap and trade plan in 2008.
Are you taking this?
Sounds like BS to me, interesting idea though
Whats their goal?
3.20999999999999999...
I like the black but it seriously needs the center cap badge imo
I would recommend Playonlinux for playing Windows games on Linux.
I really want pikachu in a gengar costume
No idea
Think cloak&amp;mwd only it's cloak and mjfg
[](/DansGame)
New phone, new email, new account.
it is well known settlers in israel do not respond to dialogue also they are not settlers they are invaders also in my country the same forces routinely manipilate the media and politicians so these settlers and their 3 hundred year old documents are laughable, youd have to find someone who was born yesterday for your dialogue, everything is on a script with those people its all hasbara and if you dont agree you are subhuman i no longer have any respect for judaism and israel is a criminal state beyond negotiation it only understands force and it will spy on and assasinate anyone who they dont like it has nothing to do with reason so your post and response either naive or just part of the script
To late for some!
Every 3 months.
Summer Rae's new gimmick: TL Hopper's long-lost daughter.
are you my mommy?
Nope
How expensive or hard is it to build for someone who built thier computer, but has never soldered
There's still time.
If you're referring to his filthy goals this is accurate.
I read a recent paper that suggested a link between Pearl Harbor and Climate Change.
your mother must be proud
From where are you moving?
*BURP* wugh, threw up in my mouth a little bit.
2 points in first and last 20 minutes for 4 total
ill buyit
They have good upstanding citizens armed to the teeth
Yep, that explains how this cultural trait developed!
Sources?
That horrifying realization that 2016's Romney is either Bush or Rubio.
They usually put on an infomercial, so if you want info on how to sell soap to a cousin you haven't talked to in years, go ahead.
But liberals are so tolerant and accepting
I would enjoy that.
At least people like you who know jack shit are becoming fewer and fewer in these threads.
Original comment was edited after I posted mine :)
Come to New Orleans
Players to use new NHL regulation pool noodles to replace stick
Freshmen year sucks
Chrome has flash built into the browser.
Even skimreading TechRights, everything written there is absolutely dripping with hatred for anything that could possibly be construed for being Pro-Microsoft I'm sure the guy behind the site is so indoctrinated into his own hatred, he'd write something about a food cart vendor in downtown Seattle daring to sell a Microsoft employee a hot dog
You forgot to put
first
I am never going to get a DMR if they keep adding all the Fodder to Req packs :(
Especially when late game you're spending a lot of time melee.
Nope, it was a very pro-Donald Trump post and deserved 1,000 downvotes.
I guess technically "happy pride" and "gay pride" mean the same thing.
Whew I'm glad that dangerous criminal is off the streets for the next two decades.
Alright thank you anyways :)
We have Saric next year
Just like how "Crimson" gave AMD a massive performance boost, right?
dating sucks, and I would love to only cook every other night
Window don't open that far and it's a 22 story drop outside
I prefer English-American
Everyone has to be raised the exact same way I was raised or the commies win
Living?
unfortunately there's not much more other than a bunch of people with sticks up their asses.
No no, this definitley would have happened with some upper-crust society lady at the wine bar in the lobby, had he gone to the symphony.
No he stays our casual!
Oh I love this band.
Maybe the question is less of if you want to move to another country, as it is do you want to enter a codependent relationship with this guy, or at least have that looming over your head.
Female monarch leader
DAMN NICE JOB YOU GOT THAT CPU ROAD 2 E V O BAYBII
Yeah, I'm sure a lot of those studies have been done on that.
Her virginity is safe.
He always gets the new units before anyone else on my friend list (his luck must be really good), and due to sentimental reasons, since he's been there since the Maxwell days.
Hey now, I hear that "paid leave" can be pretty punishing!
The government seems to be too eager to please the conservatives as well.
This is the answer I was looking for thank you.
And cow farts, don't forget cow farting is playing a significant role in global warming also.
Weird, I grew up in rural Canada too and didn't know many people that didn't own at least one gun.
'Dick Loving'
Nah, it was the years of crippling alcoholism that just scrambled his brains.
Second this 30k bonus equals your annual wage, that's a good bonus scheme,
A Wizward even!
The oh so satisfying possibility of my parents divorcing
Dave grohl doesn't owe you anything
In other news, undrafted rookie Chris Harper costs the Patriots the game, then gets cut and shat on.
2-0 against the Blue Jays.
you won the internet
The trick is not to lead them too much.
One of the things that bonds white people together: the fear of black people in numbers^oh^wait^that's^racist
This isn't Daredevil.
Probably because my above comment are pretty popular stereotypes, so everyone was scratching their head in confusion in regards to your Greeks/Americans are GOOD men haha
Be careful what you wish for... Sometimes you do get what you wish for and it's good.
Nah yo Danny green to the mavs
It's probably the 970's architecture.
Yeah, they just look so *evil*.
Well obviously the cammer shouldn't have slowed down so fast, creating a hazard.
I'll bet the monitoring which determined they met their targets was robust.
which amounts to +40% crit chance while under the effects of fury.
Quality commentary.
Yeah, but she's a delicate flower and smoking hot
Safe with a risk of becoming very hostile on any given day.
It is not usually visible
What Avengers movie are we at now?
The guy in the background is high as fuck
Tell us more about your career with the CIA?
Pot, meet kettle
The people's champ has become one of my favorites ever since he got traded to the team.
But hot girls aren't supposed to think for themselves, they're supposed to be nothing but sex objects who exist specifically to love nice guys no matter how sleazy they are.
What's ironic is that, by all accounts from people who've actually been to tumblr, you have to actively *seek out* "radical feminism" or whatever we complain about, but on reddit you have to actively *avoid* the misogyny and racism and other horrible shit.
Very easy to fingerbox them too
If other states are doing this, how do we know Trump is wrong about Mexico?
That's exactly how I imagine it.
Gatorade and trail mix to keep you healthy, that's what I say.
Racism is now all right according to the Constitution
Shouldn't it be retired punchers then?
It's always okay to kill people who aren't your religion though, because they aren't people.
You mean you could care less.
I know, I mean letting us actively chose, rather than reroll worlds.
You sicken me you piece of shit!
You anti-semite!
What about with rice?
Dat PCT doe
Yeah because for 49.99 you can buy 6 games per month ofc
lol
Because there are no other clinics for women to go to
Truly awful games.
Parliament?
I mean, he did say "virtually no stops"
Yeah we should probably get rid of him and bring in somebody off the street
Preach #4.
idk I'm just going to go out on a limb and say efrag would ban cobble and dig bans inferno or dust2, most likely inferno though they've lost to them on that map every time.
It was the same way in 2008.
The force is strong with this one.
Lol no bjergsen is overhyped af wait for iem to see him get rekt by EU mids yet again
but at least our exports will increase!
There's not much of an issue because a lot of people see Moldova as part of Romania anyway.
We will force all of you to get gay married@!
When they do the roster split once Smackdown joins USA, Breeze needs to be a cornerstone of that show.
There were thousands of them, I figured picking one wouldn't be the worst thing.
It's not our fault we're the only state that knows how to drive
That U18 league really took off.
A voice that matches the presented gender?
Wait I thought the Orions were in charge in TOS, something along the lines of here we [the men] are the slaves.
huffer is a character, ironfur grizzly is just generic bear.
Because some of us are still 15 &amp; insecure!
i waited until an admin wrote in the chat :po
No, don't poke him, that brigade that front paged all his posts during the mod-ghazi thing might come back.
based on what he's saying, he seems younger inb4 its greg parker
Yeah that's relevant because those decks always go to fatigue.
Jumbo :(
I am Gold IV.
NOA is awful.. double NOA... jesus dear god no pleas why
This.
The bench needs more shadows coming from the subjects IMO, keep it up.
now you have an excuse to upgrade to a 390 kappa
in Portland oregon usa they do.
I dunno why it needs a buff, it has no downside and is a straight upgrade
I bought a pound of ground cumin for 12 bucks...normally 1.5oz is 4 dollars
Basically, if the movie is Korean and the genre is 'Thriller' you should give it a shot.
Fucking checkers man, once again companies are streamlining the sequel for the mainstream plebes.
Reported for e-stalking
Oh well yeah, fuck it, if it's Latin music then it's probably shit
Man, I can't wait for everyone to mock him to us with the Penguins pick because we have his brother.
Yeah because supporting separatism makes us deserving of random insults
upboat for sneaky Borat
google is your friend
I know regi is a great owner but he should let loco do his job or get someone who can do the job
The Christian syringe necklaces in gold look nice.
4/10
Or t1 with simian spirit guides...
Probably B since charitable donations would still count as a source deduction (since the deduction comes from the source, ie the gross pay) The source is the gross pay.
So when some guy picks Nunu and goes TP/CV and says he's going to intentionally feed I should just play that game out for 20 minutes and lose 20 lp rather than be allowed to dodge it and lose 3?
The giant beef rib from Black's after speeding down the autobahn sounds perfect.
Best vampire movie evah.
428,282
Fortunately you have unelected judges to imprison elected officials who step out of line
This would be fascinating!
it's gianna mora, aka literally hitler, you can either spend $100 on grailed for a pair covered in sweat or buy a fake since I don't think they're being sold anymore anyways
Don't you know her pussy is so special and amazing, how dare you not bow in it's presence.
Both
Won't somebody please think of the terror.
There's nothing football fans love more than generic mainstream bubblegum pop.
Only if you buy from sketchy sellers
Mate, you can't support a holding group.
i dont feel old coz im not but fuck being reminded how low the standards of tweens are
Are you like a crazy person?
He's always had that going for him.
\#potonpot
What a wonderful world!
Or even better we'll can marry attractive Latino women and they can make halal Latino food.
And those teachers think they deserve a raise?
haha yeah, I forgot the
last night's podcast
She has aged incredibly well.
I didn't realize just how delicious a wolf prepared footstool sandwich could be.
Those rooms pale in comparison to absolute truth.
Seems like the perfect manufacturer for sell outs.
Check your PMs
Emergency maintenance ya'll get that krantz you've spent more gems than you care to say on, as compensation ^pls
Astros pls get your act together.
original content I swear
Couse they both have worldclass men sabre teams
Kids get run over by a truck with chainsaws attached to the front all the time.
With the amount of sex my gay friends have with "straight" married men, I bet it's more like 50%- way more than the amount of men who would admit it- or identify with it as gay sex.
Post pictures showing how very smart you are to intimidate your foes - Sun Tzu
we don't know for sure yet but probably within the next 1-2 months.
Aka the Belichick rule
Yeah, they invested their trust fund all by themselves!
Also you can play as Zetterburn
Sorry, as a white cis person I have a difficult time believing trans PoC fought for their own rights.
I don't understand why that "feature" was added to be honest.
Why keep doing something for two years that doesn't work?
Whether its Jeffrey or someone else, we need a legit #1 WR.
god, everyone knows that AWD/4x4 cars stop better ......
I'd love if they had a toggle to change this to open the task switcher.
Yeah look at Destiny, you will not be paying too much just for multiplayer.
they are pretty popular in Romania as well...
It's their culture, you can't criticize ISIS
If you don't Waterson, you don't Matterson...
You know damn well why, racist cis scum!
Youll get a working game
More deadly weapons equals less deaths.... More cats equals less kittens.... More knives equals less stabbings...
Have fun with your level 40 wallbreaker!
That was back when NA/EU servers weren't a thing.
Ironically, I've never met her
Tito was probably too drugged out to tell anyone anything
but we don't want no dang black bars!
Illuminati bro
Sounds like a wonderful use of their time, and you sound like a great boss.
Because all white people are the same.
Definitely would go well with my sport coat
Do you guys have polar bears in Toronto?
Im at the boss entrance if that makes a difference
What about Blender?
Now I understand why they push the Yankees right field fence back for playoff games.
she you sexist bastard
I bet these apps are going to run really efficiently and be super easy to use and also very stable!
Bo Bandy
You a) Have a lot of time on your hands and b) Have a lot of GREAT things to say about girls
I'd buy one for like 5$,.lmk ur PayPal
^ seconding this
So long "Happy Birthday" posts.
Captain I couldn't be more Essex if I tried xP
Lmao no one even uses pirate sobek anymore, everyone has moved onto the Crocodile Dundee skin, like literally every sobek uses that skin.
Nah you're a racist because your lived experiences mean nothing as a cishet white male shitlord *that stupid flower smiley thing*
If you think that's bad try living in Chicago.
*single tear rolls down cheek*...
inb4 nip wins dreamhack Cluj because friberg will carry
Why not a black person?
I think you forgot a
No.
They seem like they'd be a good distraction/way to feel less shitty, and they might put me in the state of mind I need to be in to get over my fears and pull the trigger... but I don't have any kind of access to anything like that unfortunately.
No no no he can't be acting this is ***REALITY*** TV
I think anyone who says that sort of carry-on doesn't look douchy as all hell needs to get their head checked :-/
But Harper has done nothing wrong!
Yeah but it's Islam that's oppressive to woman!
Oh no you have to watch ads and support Twitch and its broadcasters, that sucks.
You need to get your FWC reputation up to 90
Come on now, it is common knowledge that if everything wasn't gated behind a billion layers of RNG then everyone would just leave the game.
Oh my god,
Yeah, who wants mech legs anyway?
Technically, Genesis 2014 because they scrapped their whole show mid June and started all over with a brand new show entirely.
Gee, I wonder why....
As far as I know, yes.
I liked the review but you could have gone a bit more in debth about what you liked and what you didn't, otherwise good work!
Lololol so random
y yo flair dmg y u lyin bruh
cause his constituents are upset that Taxes are too damn high
lol u weeb
I'm sorry, what is cancer?
Ahh yes, I remember the sudden graphics increase when I made my first purchase
You just can't comprehend his intellectual superiority
Dude cmon now, it's obvious girls don't even play CS:GO
Women are beautiful delicate flowers and obviously their handwriting must be too.
But hey, at least they have high speed rail everywhere and it's proven safe!
Um.
I'm getting nothing but pulsing circles on all my lives, I don't think it's working
Yes hes their awper for the whole tournament
Maybe you coulda cleaned up a little there op, while she was workin on the tables.
Didnt know Xbone uses an AMD card.
Didn't know I've been hacking my math homework all this time then.
yep, my fault, should have seen this coming, i'm holding it wrong
Yeah, because Wales would do well outside the Union
Sounds sketchy...
yeaaah dude **thats** what I said... I wasnt saying read into the context and decide who's in the wrong instead of just blindly commenting "fuck 12"
yolo
but..but... but.. gays are icky!
OKAY mike joy
marry me?
Shh, shh, just admit that you raped her, shitlord.
Well we have Ruby
What completes my life without kids - the ability to sit at home till all hours of the night trolling childfree and playing videogames instead of taking care of children.
Breaking news: Israeli Soldiers describe how they stole the organs from Palestinian children they killed, and then they sold them to Netanyahu for his dinner.
There are no women on the internet silly!
jesus fucking christ those fucking normies copying dank memes from 4chan again and rebranding it like the fucking cumbiscuits they are its called a lenny face for gods sake and you cant just go steal it from a site you claim to hate but steal 99% of your content from and then justify it by renaming it, fucking maggots can go eat a big fucking dick and choke on it
Sure is a good thing they got that tunnel sorted out in time.
I play fifa, so ibarbo.
Who would've thought 2015 would be huge for the box office!
Solid analysis
scaling fish is pretty normal
Investigation...paperwork...what's the difference really?
I love the last hail mary "at least let me lick your feet", like oh yes I said no to all of these other things but sure, lick my feet.
What about the cool Amazon Prime sale ?
Yeah but he can't fill it to that red line
Pretty good but def not up to its predecessor imo.
That is impossible because starvation mode eating that little means you would be gaining like 3 pounds a day.
I mean.... he didn't show you his dick, you kinda gotta, OP.
You should always spend your money on make a woman's life better, never your own, you selfish shitlord!
The worst thing is having 2 guns equipped, when they run out you have to backpedal just to equip a melee.
If you don't play Catholic Girls you're not a true Zappa fan
Lol, why would Goku waste his time speaking to that clown?
But how could you cross them off then?
What people don't know is Jimmy Galafinakagos is so innately talented he doesn't need to know his receivers to develop chemistry
Bro, my cousin was so active in my aunt's womb that he got a prenatal commitment.
For some very dangerous mission involving a military base or two with inpenetrable walls, the helicopter could drop down a kilometre long ladder so ~~Big Boss~~ a cardboard box that definatly is empty could sneak into the base extremely stealthy.
Great thumbnail
It's not stanced...
Globalism is great for the consumers and the workers!
absolutely hilarious
Beware the 2 untapped islands!
Perhaps not intense to the same degree, but definitely well written (It's a modern AMC show, after all).
great, dose that mean we can open the box now?
I forgot to put
Shelli
But it's obviously the systematic oppression of blacks by whites that drives gang violence and black on black crime.
But the CPMs man, they work wonders!
I am not a philosopher either :) I did not know Lord Monckton had branched out into other areas, perhaps he can spend time bothering philosophers instead of climate scientists.
god tier before he even officially releases.
BUT TEXT CAN TRIGGER MY PTSD FROM THE TIME I WAS RAPED WHEN A WHITE MALE LOOKED AT ME IN PUBLIC.
fate/zero
Dont buy tickets if you have to work retards...
I mean there not even close to the same women have it at least 1000 times worse then prisoners
Cattermole
Oh yeah, Hitler was a great guy.
Virgin had a cool little music video, actually held my attention, but Branson is awesome and I expect nothing less from his company
Average player uses kill count divided by drop rate
Yeah the response of making an unbiased CoC where everyone is treated fairly is certainly something to be ashamed of
Let us in ya god-damned bastards!
get outta here with your realistic views and whatnot!
Should have evolved it into an Alomomola, noob.
Of course it's evil, greedy riot who wants to increase the sale of the new blitz skin
All decks were created by Reynad
Yeah.... most people never heard of this...
Weighted sloth rack, you lay down on the bench then put you arms and legs around the bar and shimmy around until you have a sick back pump
Plot twist: he's the baby.
So proud!
Damn, seek counseling, sorry you got raped :(
and let me guess, no one went to prison for it.
All those photos are staged man.
I agree, bad behavior should have no consequences.
Didn't Barry push a ref or something to fuck up a possible comeback in the '94 NFC title game?
Wow thats super useful I'm glad I read that
Ferraris are way more practical and get better gas mileage
I thought they fixed the memory leak
I'm about 2 weeks ahead of you - looks good !
But it can't be abuse because abuse requires power, and cishet white males have all the power.
Yeah you're right the reason guys "manspread" is totally because they want to assert their patriarchal dominance over the m'ladies...
Yeah, construction workers and electrical engineers are unusual.
But the Supreme Court told us that the Voting Rights Act was no longer applicable in our post-racial society!
Kador Draigo shitstomps him.
And totally gorgeous in them too.
It's clearly mediocre bro.
How dare you give such a concise answer.
Watch as Xboxes becomes the Titan X with its Cloud power of DX12 for $350
He's probably 78 since he's not good enough for the NHL
I would have shot him right is his pathetic face....multiple times....until I knew he was dead.
Meh its just a dunk
I'm guessing sarcasm escapes you unless its spelled out.
That's not a question!
he's a cointelpro agent watch yourself
Yea, thanks man I guess I will have to wait for the end of the month to get this since finals week is coming.
Ah, I see they take great notes of the actual game!
They'll find a way to put those people in jail.
Stoops bowl record 8-8 Saban bowl record 8-8
Numarul de licente de alimentara dintr-un oras este limitat pentru a permite un minim profit pentru proprietarii magazinelor, astfel incat sa aiba bani pentru a intretine magazinele si sa nu ajunga mancarea spre pretul cel mai mic care sa-i duca pe toti la faliment.
I'm hoping you forgot to add
Op has 4 bars on Wind mobile sitting at home, this should answer all questions about wind signal strength in Toronto
Poor TSM.
Obviously Hammond of course.
but of course sexism against men doesnt exist
Because he is showing people an example of a subreddit where people absolutely cannot downvote
Bot Allen was putting in work climbing the ladder, until he got matched with noob team mates.
And that was a wonderful fight.
I really don't understand how a large portion of the targeted demographic for this product would sit through more than the first five seconds of the video.
You could always be a straight person who identifies as gay.
butbutbut by shaming them they're *motivating* them to do something about it!
Standard "Parliament Banter" guys.......
Nah, FNATIC is an EU team, so it has to be all EU players
Because libertarianism totally doesn't have 30 different subcategories.
Cool it Nano
Haven't you heard of the Syrian Privilege Crisis?
It's not my fault my team is a bunch of fucking idiots that make me tell them how fucking bad they are.
Literally rape
Marchy just wants to fight so he can get a free rhinoplasty..
This same strategy works greatfor bananas too
Commenting to be smug that you don't need to comment to save.
2furion2furious?
At least pick up and scream "NOOOOO!'
Is this new?
its the most rigorous poll so far.
That's funny coz my good friend works at the corporate office.
We're going to steal the Declaration of Independence... again.
I want the chance in an emergency to crash my plane into the most crowded area possible and get away with it.
Not many people have one night stands dude.
As someone who will never play unity, what was this about traveling through time and do we progress the plot with juno at all?
You mean like an update to ilex rat?
Enter Her Prize
I hate that people always misquote Occam's razor.
I was reading an article on here the other day about how we tend to gravitate towards things that remind us of our names because we're essentially too narcissistic not to.
I think you have your vitriol misdirected, most people here are pretty left leaning, I doubt you will find many christian Dominionists here
You can make the number 10 in base 2 though... 1/1010 10/1010 An integer doesn't suddenly become not an integer in a different base.
Riperino In peperiono
If my name gets mentioned, that'll be the biggest accomplishment of my life.
I don't think you remember old spear.
I understand what you mean, it looked like what typical modern movies are doing now a days, we're all used to the typical Star Wars fighting.
I need friends like yours :(
I understand they aren't pc level of power but can developers get the most out maxed out pc's?
You're incredible.
ya, I wonder that as well.
Delly seriously should be in the MIP conversation
Roleplaying is cheating, every roleplaying comment is cringeworthy.
There is no age limit reflexes only go away if you don't train them Your brain can always learn new things throughout your life if you keep it active.
Wasnt this pic taken with a film camera?
I'm surprised I haven't seen gluten free bottled water.
Totally didn't see that coming after their pic in a restaurant with Turtle and Pob was leaked.
you can read the sidebar on mobile...
Early happy birthday!
Looks like he's wincing because something's in his eye.
Really doubtful that someone who travel's quite a bit and has a company card only makes $40K a year.
That's very reasonable.
I apparently have nightmares I don't recall and sit up screaming bloody murder.
Hell yes, that or power claws, maybe even a thunder hammer.
The best you can do now is watch Super without watching the movies, so you won't be spoilered (don't know if that exists) and the series will be more interesting.
can't believe i missed this show
Quality circlejerk post.
yeah i would totally give an un-knowledgable and inexperienced friend $100k to do a program that will save lives.
I mean, if people can call azer Frostyboy...
Hmm, do I stand outside with a tornado going through splintery, dead branch riddled gum trees or do I get my stuck toast out with a knife?
I want to compare myself to people of same rank pre vac.
No it's not routine.. And don't call me Surely.
They'll sure try, because they don't have much else to work with for attack journalism.
Gary!
She did not call them, a second operator did.
China don't consider Hong Kong as a part of them.
and yet, LoL is about a year older than SC2.
What a fascinating and detailed rebuttal!
Fuck the police!
When we buy Kane and Depay reaches Hazard like levels of play.
delet post
I thought GTRs were 4 wheel drive?
Lebron James
Probably the Republicans fault
Food, I forgot my lunch at home :(
Yes.
The Nightwish dude made an entire album about it.
You know people don't read
Aka 2017 Flagship Killer
Be careful of sandworms.
Direct Injection, Turbos and DCT's don't reduce reliability..
0 and im at the NC.. maybe should've just paid for premium and saved some time
Are *you* kidding?
dickhead
Whenever these agencies admit something, it means they're probably already doing something worse than that.
Aka fuck the working class, look at how "progressive" we are.
You're right, hearing about that food coming out of her nose really made me want to buy it.
They need some eurotraining..
It's a good game though, especially if you're a fan of the souls series
But being a dad is terrible and supports the patriarchy!
And Wu Tang financial comes in and buys Martin's company and makes all the Drugs cheap again...for the children, of course
I try.
In early designs of the SC2 Queens could upgrade buildings so that they could attack units.
Well, you usually aren't a badass mutant bred for the explicit purpose of hunting down monsters who threaten the wellbeing of your fellow humans, most of whom hate you.
My tolerance is always tested during February when some ignorant asshole seriously asks "why don't we have 'White History Month'?"
Bleak and cold.
My mouth was open the entire time... wasn't weirded out just astonished.
How is it a stretch to compare two drunk drivers?
Nah he was saying Hulk should be Tier 2, everyone knows Hulk is better than those frauds Hazard, Ribery, and Reus
Because Doublelift didn't play Sivir at all last split, right?
However, Riot can choose to change the colour scheme of future Victorious skins because it doesn't really have to be blue and gold.
Same, but I got 1720 on my first and second test.
Sorry wrong number, try the dream pod two people over.
I have a 970 and I was able to have a 144Hz monitor run along side a 60Hz, so you should be fine.
TK is already reserved for Team Killing tho.
I like how Venom is voiced by Hayter in this.
At least he uses the Stretch Muffler now, instead of that weird pendulum splash thingy
Or some lame joke about his age/frailty
Because defense.
The US is currently receiving a huge number of Central and South American migrants though, I agree they should be taking some Syrian refugees but most of these people trying to get into Europe are not Syrians.
OH GOD I'M DYING HELP ME
ITT: people who don't know how to use a cheese grater
And/or look over their shoulder.
Peach cobblers comes in a can they were put there by a man in a factory down town
Nah its OK MWO is sure to die
And now he lives on pedophile island.
Don't worry, we feel the same about your accents in all the other games ;)
I'll probably get down voted for not praising the god of indica but am I the only one who thinks its a little irresponsible to not better advertise that this is medicated food?
OBAMA IS A SOCIALIST!
Hey at least now there would be someone working in Greece, eh
You really sound like you know what you are talking about.
Yeah, that *must* be it.
The third one really surprised me!
One tab is where my tabs go to die.
I wouldn't say he's salty as much as he is sad, since he stated earlier that S4 was one of the people he wanted to play with the most
The main political battle of our time has nothing to do with the left/right axis anyway -- it's libertarians versus authoritarians of all stripes.
Because Linux isn't a real OS
To bad this won't get any attention because it makes obama and the left look bad
You have 2 options 1: Download the patches 2: Have someone download the patches for you, and put it on a USB stick
Lang/Comp, USH, Chem, Phys 1, Stats
Why are there wall sockets 5 ft off the ground..
driver and dad are both dumb as fuck, how do people this irrational even exist
We did get him a ring.
Not allowed to drive in convoys, aka your body guards can't follow you around anymore so I won't visit London and I'll tell my friends not to visit London either.
The new guy in your office tries to show you up in front of your boss, except with this job you're allowed to punch him in the back of the head.
I've though that way because his initial build (when you click on his post) shows only components with prices set to amazon.
To be fair, the Cheytac .408 costs around 10k, and the EMRs our Designated Marksmen carried were supposedly worth north of 8k, which sounds about right for masterwork weapons.
There's two U's, could've said "oh wait, I have to take u out a couple of times first"
Because porn and the naked body is so much more offensive than the blood and guts of war.
It's just a blanket rule that has to be there, they can't just excuse a professional player from betting on a game they're not in, the line is clear.
Kryptonite.
Sounds like something some kind of heretic would say!
Thank you, yea I'm off today and tomorrow and can literally spend the whole time adjusting to see what works best if I need to
Nothing out of the orcanary.
He's been posting sources for a few months now easily.
All you niggas that said that I turned pop, or The Firm flopped
Damned dirty marines with their red bars in crucible...
Pause (but not all games support)
And the community is pure cancer.
obviously obama the lizard person
So impossible to listen to and understand!
Jury nullification!
I'm sleep deprived
North Korea is basically an exercise in implementing 1984, only with more starvation.
Does this cost actual money?
its not rape if the perpetrators are government employees.
How dare you co-op a christian holiday.
Looks like SC2 was identical to OoT
but lines add to the experience :(
I own guns but I've already run over myself with a vehicle, I guess I'm safe now
I think I hear your boss calling for another ass kissing.
Canned air.
That's just evil.
We'll blend in with the plebs, it's the perfect disguise!
Because codependency is sooooo attractive!
I disagree but its a matter of opinion so fair enough.
If they polled his real name he'd have a zero
Good idea, he's a clean freak and a tight ass (and i say that in the most loving way) so he would be happy with the price.
See, that's what happens when you raise minimum wage.
Very nice delivery on the joke :)
or, you know, efficient.
He's gonna be more useful on an NL team, though I could see the whitesox starting him at 3rd.
Disturbing observation, now that you've pointed it out I can't unsee it.
yeah its been like 30 minutes now still in battle
Poor people don't need to worry about data retention because they don't have computers
Yeah, once religion dies off noone will ever kill anyone else, right?
This was on the front page earlier...
Hayne should send these guys some American beer so they won't have to drink that nasty stuff.
They made it viral
Ayyy, love that Grisham tho
Can confirm, me and my niggas goin to check this out today.
If you looked like that, you would too
ruddock?
This display of ridiculousness is why most Americans don't care about soccer.
Give teams 10 games or more out of 1st place in their division 20 free wins.
Ouch man I'd love me an e30 m3
10 maybe 11
And by seasoning you mean salt?
Bonnie,
If there's one thing history has proven, it's that removing all sense of value and ownership of a good or service makes people respect it more.
Great, now there are going to be riots.
I miss it.
This is likely the case.
I understand but it's also that feeling of just wasting like $91 for a test and a whole year of studying over nothing then but I do get your point.
I tried....ended up making my toon look like a crack whore instead....
I love the "Nice one guys, nice one" at the end!
Diamonds
He can't, because he'd need to think precisely to do that, and one can only think precisely in Sanskrit.
Because only whites can be civilized and enlightened, silly!
Left-wing NPR, ladies and gents!
Yeah because him and Marshall haven't been producing these last few years with Cutler throwing to them
psn: tommykirkpatrick
I'm sure the Swedish Academy is doing everything possible to expedite his Nobel Prize.
Well if no one gives a shit, then who is there to give a shit?
Bleed blue!
shit I forgot about all those years Ed Reed wasn't surrounded by pro bowlers
Yeah, but then you have to put all the veggies through a strainer if you don't want a lumpy soup.
REYNAD TSUNDERE CONFIRMED "IT'S NOT LIKE I WANTED YOU TO BECOME LEGENDARY B-BAKA"
Despite?
That's what these rebels get for efficiently competing with public libraries!
Wonder what makes you say that.
That's a really unbiased answer!
But thuh Chase is dumb
Yeah, that's plausible
SKT flair explains a lot
He's also batting 1.000 in his last 1 at bats.
How is it rip if i didn't place it yet?
Steve-O, Chris Gore and Nova Rockafeller are on another level.
Bayern's head of analytics shared something like that on the MIT Sloan Conference saying they use and have different metrics than the ones spread to the public and media.
Yes, we Redditors are so above the *moronic* masses that TV and movies pander to, amirite?
cool, great looking guitar btw
Savannah leadership is evil.
Not very, other than the fiddely function keys.
Less about it being a DM number and more that it's one of the few low numbers that would be available
I'm surprised you can even get the jokes with your tiny Christian brain.
But how many multi-billionaires are there?
at this point I think the could pay Marvel and have their custom made comic books with official talent and would save money overall...
No you have to buy his toxin free special coffee for it to work properly!
If you pay $15 then $11 goes to local scouting according to this years price sheet.
I'm sure its only because of liberals and no other factor.
Those three letters... dear god
Yeah but you could totally get a date super easily because you have a vagina, so why does it matter?
Yeah has nothing to do with their failed marriage or anything.
Also I prefer Gender Extremists...the word "t********" is extremely triggering to me and implies that Muslim PoC are somehow a threat
you say socialist i say communism.
fucking copsucker
BUT ITS SO MUCH EASIER TO BLAME MY PROBLEMS ON OTHERS INSTEAD OF FACING MY OWN SHORTCOMINGS
Still, doesn't she seem an absolute treasure &lt;3
Obviously it happens off camera, there is no way a cop would ever lie.
Obviously the Bears
im sure that ISIS soldiers care about scientific evidence that torture is ineffective.
NG+6 is the best yo (that's ng+++++++) doesn't scale any more
Person
plus corporations are given tax incentives, big ones too to go into developing for something as niche as this.
You definitely won't get much out of $5
Welp, better relocate them to Seattle.
yay more necro buffs, its not like they were already really really good in spvp.
'Oh man, I knew I shouldn't have had that last hit of melange'
But it teaches them respect!
which ones on the list are genuinely good?
Actually reading the article pffft... you must be new to reddit.
Yeah I forgot how every other western nation doesn't lets them do anything they want out of misplaced guilt and fear of being antisemitic.
cool thanks man
Where's Sonic 06?
I love reposters.
Not very surprising though considering his wage demands and history with Spurs
My hands are cold.
Just stay away from North Face and Uggs and you'll be alright.
The Preds really do look like they have their shit together for opening night.
Definitely Carlow in Ireland, nobody knows except the government if it's real or not and you know how all governments are with information.
Just another example of how Austin is living in the stone age and will never embrace technology and why no young people or tech companies will ever want to invest there.
First Choice Haircutters!
Dont worry, we will soon have mastery lvl gates rather than AP
but muh karma
Western society is hella oppressive, but countries like Saude Arabia are bastions of feminism!
His Esports skill is stronger.
What about 200 +/- 30 minutes?
Downvote the non believer!
dw i found a decent enough config for, thanks though
Reddit is definitely way up there.
A young woman can't be creepy, bruh.
But it is survival friendly, I'll just build my house around it.
Oh im sure the harsh language the UN will use will definitely stop ISIS
Yeah, Miami was the team that couldn't tackle out there...
If you get flu shots you're already there bud
Smeb is a shit tier riven, everyone knows that
dude, wildturtle best soloq player ever!
Probably doesn't know about imgur yet.
It's my favorite in the country.
...because muslims don't have sex...
Yes, we should be exstactic that the game we paid for works as expected
I bet fox news's own Jesse Watters will be all over this story demanding answers as to why free speech is being infringed upon on college campuses.
I just want you to know that I downvoted you because I got wrapped up in the downvote hype.
Plastic fans
wtaf
But thats socialism!
Most be on a console.
But he's not "an NHL-caliber player" guys.
Go out with me, you fat, pretentious, cunt Oh wow, how could you resist?
It has no meaning, just a catch phrase she hopes catches on.
Yeah I know, it's just that it being a double pedal and having the weird paint job makes me wish it was a pitchshifter or something weirder.
idongeddit
Also if you have kids, the Franklin Institute is pretty awesome.
can somebody gibe da pussi pls....
Shocking behavior.
yup, seriously gonna miss the days of shitty players grabbing the sniper only to active down me 3 times in a row.
Group C: WHO DO I CHEER FOR
Isn't it still hell when you have to backport bug fixes and other specific changes?
They make better CEOs because they have a penis.
Damn, good thing we have gun control to stop all this crime, keeping guns off the streets!
goddamnit just send me the key and make this easy for me
Yup.
Kamu ni yang membawa bala.
This happens too much... Damn "free range parents!!"
Yes, the tall blond woman will never marry!
Lucky them.
This is really racist and gross tbh
You completely missed the point.
Prove it.
Not sure if i agree with the Edmonton pick
no misogyny to see here, no siree, no way
Can't know, cause the games in my wishlist never go to sale XD
Do you even realize how douchey this sounds...
But building specs around RNG, punishing them harshly for getting poor RNG, and not giving them a catch-up mechanic can only make for fun and interesting gameplay!
Yeah, I don't see the problem either.
yea it should
Rly?
Yes, I'm a huge hypocrite for describing an example of a silly game to post, then providing examples of better games to post.
With that kind of salary increase and no lifestyle change, you could save up and buy a truck in cash in about a year.
Enter: Monaco at Home
But what about Illinois?
Oh, you mean the junior Klan rally?
Cuz all I need to see in a movie is Fucking Black Priest marrying a white woman.
But think of the children.
nitemre is god gay
;)
What a flop
Amazing how you can deduce so much about her as a person from this five second gif.
But that would make Foxy a good guy.
Yes, because men don't have an active part in causing pregnancy!
I'm Proud of being Brazilian.
White is no longer the majority race in America..."Gender has been eliminated"... The horror...
*Good thing the moon landing was fake*
You disgusting cis scum shitlord
Bro, what about american terrorism?
What a fuckin racist god damn shit motherfucking cunt
Well, it's a good thing he's not in the NFL, where some real justice could be served!
Shut up you sexist pig!
Eli5: why is eli5 not literally eli5?
Well... all germans want to be a part of a master race
Bull fighter...Bradley...about the same
B-but Obama's trying to shut down the coal industry with his communist, Muslim policies!
Yeah, when teaching Christianity they should stick to the FACTS!
Captain America (Steve Rogers) vs Master Chief
Thin privilege is seeing models properly wearing your clothes.
rip r/rulethirtygirl
my marker was on you how dare you move so you dont get hit by may ability hacker!
I assume they are planning a mutiny against the white man.
Police can't break the law.
I'm sure their profits have been skyrocketing in the last few months with subscriber numbers rising so much!
But i've got this totally new idea of asking blizzard for servers for each of the expansion-packs!
are you claiming differences exist between sexes, you misogynist?
I have the perfect answer: Midichlorians.
Trance
Yeah its not like a voice done by someone who's never done VA before could *possibly* be bad.
maybe bombing them a bit more will push those fence sitters over
You dropped your
But his penis is so awesome you'll never think about being with a woman again!
but unasked for advice is the best kind!
The territories in orange were actually lost due to Gavelkind.
Yea because only American lives matter.
Definitely best.
Outback Renekton anyone?
Well you see... Dish does not have many *employees* you see.. because they carry out their business with private contractors... Beyond the board of directors there is no *actual* staff *technically* so in those terms how could the NOT be a small business...
Go to Hfboards and shout it from the highest thread
It was a good run... But Mark Richt has lost control of Georiga again :/
Whatever, fitlord.
Skip shiv, go for double ie
Yes definitely not, it's not like he unbanned an organization that he blacklisted solely to shit talk a new team owner.
Because why would the actual subscribers input be valuable?
Not the jews?
Tell me who and I'll disable his account xD
I am sure that is why they do it
Inb4 teamspeak scam.
Joffrey Baratheon
Shut up English man.
Just because a lot of people share an opinion doesn't make it a "meme".
Thats a shame....
Bruh those breds are so fake
2/10 too much shirt, unrealistic
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Because otherwise piracy will ruin them!one1
imo the best are pubic tits
Cause the Colts are sure doing their part when they play the Pats.
Remember kids, if you study drunk make sure you also sit the test drunk....
Down with baby blue!
racist!
It'll be the same thing, just in a different language
Clearly because NASA didn't want to waste batteries.
A dolphin?
Haven't you guys had enough of our sloppy seconds?
They are going to keep evolving and eventually become the new dominant species.
Well, that loss of a 5th round pick for the Falcons for piping in crowd noise sure is harsh
Equality at last!
Wonder if So what has ever been played on the radio
Yeah if you ever want to message me as a complete stranger who has no reason to judge you and no impact on the actual world, I'm all ears.
That calculator app runs in the cloud to do its calculations, dur
Yo, tag that nsfw
It's fun adding to my "do not engage" list
Yea, because said person you don't like wouldn't ever be able to prove the page wasn't theirs.
will the dire advantage never end
Dodges that nasty SW: P everywhere on ladder, though
I feel so bad for everyone who is farming chests so they can burn through content, and then cry because they have nothing to do when July rolls around.
well he has autism, so I guess its alright.
That's a reasonable reaction.
Poison filled goats
Elizabeth from Bioshock anyone?
A warning is worse?
Should add it is very filling, to be fair.
All g, thanks homie.
I know but I didn't know anyone was gong apeshit
ayy
They find them on Reddit, its like a never ending cycle of gifs.
it would looks quite nice.
But its not like a new filter is that expensive...
HARUMPH
harry potter
Sounds legit.
I think it had been said but i'm guessing it's a whole hysteria issue for some people because of Ospina's display tonight.
Dear god...
Considering he just announced like a week ago, it's fairly impressive.
NL, &amp; pre-1973 AL.
I don't think you know what a strawman is.
If GP is open they'll first pick it... they've first picked Balls's champ 3 games in a row (GP, Darius, Darius)
OBS supports both lossy and lossless encodings so it depends on which encoding he chose.
but G2 got vp in their draw
But a meta with more "in-meta" heroes is almost definitely better than a meta with very few meta picks.
thanks fam tbh
Sorry, but that's all I read from that comment.
It may not *game* at 1440 but everyday performance and screen real estate benefit a whole lot from 1440p
Don't know what they're teaching you in middle school these days but let me help clarify: "Puerto ricans are lazy" = bigot "The assailants in this case were black" = not a bigot
Communism is a viable alternative to this fucking bullshit.
I just wonder what people categorize as "a lot" because it seems like the majority of people really think they got it good.
That would definitely factor into non-averaged stats.
Ignore what I said, I totally missed the S Tier part.
Because Arabs have treated Jews so well in the past?
I've enjoyed calling him that as well!
A free DLC is planned for October.
datamining
Because raising the next generation of people is considerably more important than your desire to go out and party.
Love you Pap &amp;lt;3
Smaller.
i thought salt was devalued in pro esports Kappa
Xanaduuuuu wasn't talking about different expressions, but the *integrity* of the jurisdiction, presumably referring to some tendency to apostasy on the issue of marriage.
I'm sure some Holocaust survivors, or Rwandans might actually get to watch this show.
This is like Grandpa Freeman
This is like Jared, from Bloodhoung Gang, staying in Berlin as long as George W. Bush was still in power.
I am glad that 9 year old wow memes haveso many followers...
What the fuck did we do to you
Over 9000, perhaps?
Yup, still happens on X1.
So, not you then?
...What the fuck
You wouldn't download a car.
It is a good thing in terms of bending the cost curve and increasing access, but it is also a bad thing in terms of making it that much harder to get the kind of real universal access single-payer system one expects of a big boy nation.
Why do the rights of a fetus supersede the rights of the mother?
WTF is this shit.
The agenda being... what, exactly?
damn its so good idk why but it gets me so much
well i cant even name any other player deserving that award
bixa eu sou 0% e com Omega3
I think you mispelled Elder titan
Lol go fuck yourself
It sounds like you both are skipping towards the body now.
If they relaunch with similar introductory offers, I have a feeling my five year old niece is going to be signing up ;)
Anyone on planet Earth who doesn't want to learn Dutch is a lazy piece of shit
Being brave, patriotic Reddit warriors, clearly.
Actually Fel Cannon as a 1-of has seen some play in slow warlock decks like handlock iirc.
Doctors found a huge inoperable Teemo in my brain, I have three weeks to live.
It says you redeem the code on a DC website, but in the fine print mentions contacting a comixology email for assistance, so I assume you can sync them
Well I just started streaming if you do wanna take a look.
I always figured they were conservative nerds since God is always capitalized.
No he just wanted out we were the worst team in the league
Nice meme!
Karma plz.
F
No it isn't
It's not even remotely true, there are so many that pierce bkb.
That's neat, move on, live your life buried in your phone.
the circlejerk is real
You don't want to limit opportunities but holy hell would things be a lot better off if we started acknowledging that some people are not "academically" smart but would excel at a younger age if they were streamed more into a trade based program.
Tbh Tolbert was pretty mediocre last season
What is your understanding of value theory?
Northlane or Architects featuring Lynn Gunn of PVRIS
They helped VS cap Amerish by being farmed at the warpgate just now, was amazing.
This guy should write for The Verge proper... he has a whole article that tells you absolutely nothing but that he feels LG/Google did it wrong
If you judge from amateur porn websites, everyone still shoots homemade porn with potatoes.
What'd you say?
The only voice of reason in a turbulent sea of stupid.
It has around 200 mods to load, it's gonna take a while
Netherlands is really fun also
They love their McDonalds about as much as they love their future diabetes.
That's a gneiss story.
Yeah that's why the dog is up and running/playing again when the human is still flat on the ground
I don't do that a whole lot, but I *do* two often.
You know that's right Shawn.
We scored more points than the other team
In a similar artery, I wonder how many heart surgeries.
The joke will be on them when they realize they've moved to Texas.
I don't pvp but this seems like a comprehensive list.
Well, she's sure brought us a bunch of laughs.
Just like a real Plague encounter.
I am nothing if not tasteful.
But was he cap stable?
I like how you point out that a lower consumption in oil would affect the economy, buy completely ignore the economic impact on the agriculture industry of lower consumption on meat.
If they worked harder they wouldn't be poor though.
Your suggestion of incremental change sounds like anarchy!
I can't believe they spoiled that in the poster!
Cute
Pikmin:D
Maybe it's because war was the barbarian invaders' business after the fall of Rome and even before that Roman army was not recruited from the local rural population.
If the store owner was sick, maybe he shouldn't have gone to work that day.
Ranieri?
I was just messing around with what contracts would match up with it, so yes I was joking and would never expect them to do it.^butseriously^^thinkaboutit
This is what I call $100% true
That's a good one!
well i mean irl he looks like a lesbian
It's the one place I have the peace and quiet to
Which god?
For a moment I thought you'd imprinted your stances for several lifts so you always have correct footing.
Should have added a
Whoosh
missing the
Yea, unless China and India started getting fat then thats bullshit.
I'm sorry I refused to have sex with you.
still not elite
Don't give them any ideas
Girl crimes are so cute!
:P ikr, so hyped for tonight.
fuck me dead
Why hate ya best back that reps the raider spirit through and through.
GOD DAMN SMOOTHIES LOCKING UP ON ME.. *Bangs against counter viciously* I can see it now.. the fucking fruity one, wtf was it called Kill me
THEN YOU'RE OLD!
Which is a big reason why they recruit heavily from recent grads and engineering competitions.
Enjoy.
What about breeding?
Black widows bites are actually very unlikely to be lethal.
Oh, thats a fuckin hard one!
i'mma save this comment so i can laugh at you in a few days
Well, quoting the official statement from HSV there were only said documents in which most thieves wouldn't had much interest in, a drivers license and a credit card, both useless if you happen to find them (for most people atleast).
He would join the NRA and try to be a "good guy with a gun."
They should make it like the lost in TBOI Rebirth where thou cannot get hit at all or you die, make it a hardcore setting and apply it to the old raids.
From every Christian who believes God loves people and doesn't want them to go to hell.
Nah in dota imba you get a wand charge whenever somebody sells an item
My uncle is bill gates
He looks just like Nicolas Cage :3
What hairline?
Well, Reincarnate does the same for what it's worth.
Yep, every country outside the EU has no debt whatsoever.
So I guess I'm amazing for tolerating black people at work, since I'm struggling to accept that they're even allowed to work there.
Potentially, but that's not a bad thing.
My last comment applied to tunein
I thought all Somalians lived at sea
You're right, totally justified.
They have ways of shutting that stuff down
yes I certainly never interacted with anyone else who lied constantly and viewed people as tools where I grew up nope not at all
dude I think when they say "thanks for your stuff" and brag about how easy it was, it's a good sign they wanted that solid 200k loot.
Now get the purple one
So you're glorifying suffering-- specifically, other people's suffering?
buckhead ATL
Shocking
OP please explain why this equinox is any different.
ITT: So-Called Lefties who have formed their opinions from what the mainstream media decides to air of the opposition.
Rip Morde top
K..
Jax peeps, how has bortles looked this preseason?
Gahh...hate it when that happens
Yeah, totally - black and brown people aren't normal at all... they don't deserve the same rights as everyone else.
i dont care much about maggi, but if you have happen to have a packet of top ramen curry lying around i'll start bidding.
Mossad U?
Typical RINO talk, the party is stronger without you!
He's been recovering from an ankle injury.
Probably a British saying.
Guardian was only on that lineup for the last 3 or 4 weeks before he got so the lineup could go to Astana Dragons, where their old teammate (AdreN), could meet them again
Kulaei'taoihepqer Federation is a perfect name!
Thanks mate.
In your package, program properties, environment tab ; * program can run - cannot not when a user is logged on * run mode - run with administrative rights (uncheck allow interaction)
I love the level of discussion here...
you sure it wasn't liquid at absolute zero?
My bad, maybe they are the last ones left on the market then.
Weird because I was at about 165k before the achievement popped for it n
Not even gonna share?
Yeah, we all know that Messi is the best anyway.
I haven't seen him play H1Z1, but from how he acts in Counter-Strike, I wouldn't want to watch him play H1Z1
Sure... Now to go play as a Nanny beating up dragon's in Skyrim.
As always, RSS will have nothing to do with this.
They're similar to pumpkin jumps
But,but, global climate change isn't man made......
I honestly never thought this would happen
Then get Overwatched by the Nova 1 with 150 wins thinking his Game-sense and reflex are results of cheating.
Well at least I can console myself with not being boring
Don't forget fallout: guy walks in with full suit of power armour, let's rob him with a lead pipe.
Printing more money.
I mean, if your goal is to get elected by doing the right thing... I can support that.
I'm pretty sure literally everyone's better than Peyton Manning.
There you go, again!
Until women have complete and total equality that is better than men, men can't hear any equality!
This is revolutionary!
Your comment makes it even more funny, I have no idea why you're being down-voted.
nice try geel
Lacrosse games might fill it up
D'awwww
We've already pretty much forgotten why we dial a phone number
FLUORIDE IN THE WATER MAKES YOU DUMB THIS IS HOW GOVERNMENT CONTROLS YOU WAKE UP SHEEPLE
Zzzzzzzzzz
I can't use HDR with SLI on fallout 3, or the sky flickers.
Well we know one of the releases of like Monstercat 047
nah man thats normal
bro, spoilers...
...Ear stuff...?
Lol yeah the sunglasses man, my gaydar was going crazy when I saw those
...what
The last unspoken radial button for prisoners
But then it changes into a super complex, delicious, well crafted barleywine!
Tagged.
Mirror?
Yes, clearly from my post history I am an Israeli apologist.
not having 4-way sli titan x's what a scrub
103/10 best car ever
you're confusing rumour with rumor
I've found some on the server - it was surface nuggets IIRC.
We already had an electoral reform referendum and the people decided, shouldn't it be a once in a generation thing.
You realise Putin oversaw a massive economic recovery during his first 2 terms in office, right?
A couple of well timed slaps to the face might help.
Oh lol... so why is ISIS still active in Iraq and Lybia... Does Assad project some kind magic forcefield that protects ISIS even there.
Do the cameramen actually film the back of the pack or do they film the crowd for reaction to the latest pass in the front of the pack?
I don't remember those last teams... did they do a reboot or something?
Wow I may not agree with his politics, but it's cool to see he uses Maschine.
Nah, he wouldn't, he is a Muslim.
Added
But remember.. both parties are the same
But it just feels so damn macho
I refuse to believe this.
It is surprising how often those two coincide.
I only solo pvp when I have implants, drugs, links, a cloaky falcon alt, and am within 5ly of triage.
Yeah now if they steal a collection of cards, they should know to sell them far away or in smaller pieces instead of all at once
Because there isn't enough plastic crap stuck to Pontiacs already.
And that's why manslaughter doesn't exist, because it's all murder...
Definitely held up to the hype
you still have a hard time getting it.... i feel bad for you, not because of your (hopefully) fatal illness but because of you not getting it.
Probably US, most companies.
Background check exemption.
Maybe if they had a QB and offense like the Colts the Seahawks could finally be competitive
Sounds pretty relevant to a conversation about planned pregnancy then.
Did anyone else see the A on Horvat's jersey?
Wow I haven't seen this article yet, thank you so much for bringing it to my attention
Stop being so gay, gay boy
Of course it is, we can't have discourse on this sub
You should quit your job immediately and go to another company that offers a different health care provider.
WE CANT GIVE TOM 2 FUCKING SECONDS
The NCAA and ESPN obviously did this on purpose to allow the SEC to keep their championship streak unbroken forever.
.5 maybe .6
Yeah, he's our only NHL-level player
Being so terribly modest and humble.
so then the question becomes spit or swallow?
Are you implying I need to lose weight shitlord?
Now... BLOODBATH AND CATACLYSM!
I could totally see a bunch of white people doing the same thing...
*
WILL LUKE HAVE A SHRAPNEL HORN, WE WILL SEE IN THE NEXT MOVIE lol
Burning the entire village and then bulldozing it to the ground afterwards is the only logical solution!
Our MPs are so poorly paid that there is no way they would do the job without outside financial support, he was practically doing it for charity.
That's just because the French are lazy and just want to smoke cigarettes all day.
It's because man are more capable, more responsible and simply better.
Well, obviously animals learn to speak multiple languages every day.
About 5/10ths of a gram of weed
I think you forgot the
no worries, that'll buff right out
Daaad!
Oh yeah, if Reddit rioted, we'd totally topple the infrastructure.
Good, means i have something to look forward to in the near future.
Lol but I thought we were gonna get no hit
Oh they beat kronovi and kuxir, they'll definitely get to 1st place now
I'll take it, my ego can take way more inflation than yours, bet I can play higher too
Howard Zinn
I feel like r/politics could host a more fair and honest debate
Pics?
Just get him Counter Strike for Kids
Fireworks
Then the AMVers discovered the coveted linkin park/dbz combo and nothing was ever the same.
can you detail your loadout?
shutup seacock.
For the love of God yes.
We should give medivacs blink too!
We'll be classy about Simmons and Feschuk
Oh whoops forgot the
The next lebron
Are you familiar with GLO?
After further review, this fan will be arrested on counts of attempted murder and will be turned over to authorities.
Yeah no pansies chase birds around
nice parking job
PT = Glorified masseuse
If Paul_newman can lose on lounge why can't cajunb?
It must be Wolf, coming to reclaim his spot in Smash Bros!
Pause for giggles
You forgot to add the
Arkham knight
Good track, but they misspelled R.O.B.O.T.N.I.K.
No wonder they stopped teaching our military close quarter combat maneuvers!
Guys, please, we all know it's the hardest to keep a job at is the manager at Arsenal.
Obviously people don't drive after 10pm, so we should shut down buses.
Solution: run it on TCP 80.
Yes, the only logical thing to do when someone pulls a gun is to punch them.
They clearly used photoshop
cuz summoner was op right?
We should ban all money in politics and only let Hollywood and media decide what the public knows...sounds like an awesome idea
But... BATTLEFRONT!
U forgot to
Creating a neck for myself was hard work.
Just buy digital, then you will never have this problem Kind of
I can't hear you over our freedom
Egh, 2 outta 3 ain't bad.
Lol, thank you.
Sounds more fun than actual monogamy
At the time of my comment the OPs post is 10 hours old, so this picture is a picture of Earth that is at least 10 hours in the past.
Being white is pretty great
It's a great excuse to have one, if ever there were...
I don't see race, I'm colorblind.
How could anyone forget about our greatest source of national pride!
Little known fact: MLG gives direct seeds due to QM performance.
B-but how am I gonna counter him if I want to build full dmg?
Tshirt Bama fan confirmed.
Live ammunition... even better for making a point.
Because you don't have a choice, didn't you know, it's just what you're supposed to do!
Thanks *Vanderbilt* for making our rivalry week game unimportant.
I might get downvoted to oblivion for this but.....not sure why you are getting downvoted.
Yah, i'd rather they gouge other universities' students
Hurray for our contrarian hero.
Someone has an average of 5 r-dubs.
Ruddy said sorry just like Bronny so its all good now!
Yeah because you would normally buy gift cards for yourself instead of paying them directly.
Quite right, because in this era, there is no way to see their past careers digitally over the internet.
Obviously The Network is pulling some strings here
I'm sure he doesn't capitalize Thor, Jesus, Allah, Odin, or Buddha either.
Well gee, I hope Russia complies
Yes, never mind the millions of slaughtered on the way to progress.
Right, someone who is on a team that very nearly got world 3rd on A3S and did get world 6th on that fight is totally an average player.
TIGGERED.
Might be the color of the picture but yeah, that's some seriously eye-catching orange.
But have you tried oatmeal chocolate chip cookies
Definitely "what the fuck" material right here
Wouldn't have happened with bulbasaur.
Stop complaining about her behaviour you racists, she is opressed.
Don't make fun of him he's actually a 4th degree black belt
Yeah, destroy St Louis.
let me guess.. you think slavery was bad from the beginning too...?
No she doesnt want to kiss me because shes a FRIENDZONING SLUT who ignores nice guys like me
Movie is due in November I believe :)
NYPD never ceases to amaze me...
We hate you too.
It's alright, they were just taking back some of that privilege.
Ahhh, that would make sense.
But she's the woman so it's okay.
If I send you my picture, you'll *have* to send me one.
play two or three runescape accounts at once play something like dota as you afk combat skills at rock crabs or bandits watch some genuinely conversation heavy shows, like The Wire or True Detective, that really require your attention in order to get the most out of the show I'm not officially diagnosed, but I fucking love adderall and I have trouble paying attention to boring shit, so I basically have ADHD
Don't you mean your old friend OP?
Dynamo too OP, Greninja gets nerfed.
I don't know he is getting old.
$30 million dollars per arrest... Good value!
Oh yes so scary.
Top comment basically said what i said, but later... Cool...
Where is American "Democracy Restoring" Division when You ACTUALLY need it ?
It's almost like... he was just saying something to get a rise out of you.
Charlotte?
Every accident is avoidable, Don't dive.
Because drugs are illegal so now no one has those either
Hey, that is racist!
Why did you take a picture of fourteen rocks?
The struggle to be able to admit this must have been so hard for you.
so hercule is son of vegeta and bulma?
Considerable lack of smartphone usage.
Yeah fuck you, guy!
Especially because he's treated farmers sooooo well in the past
Obviously the fact that he came out and said that he needed to work on a lot of things if he wanted to win the starting job next year...
Well if you weren't watching your clan recruiting videos...
Dupa cum se vede si in comments, jandarmeria asupreste populatia , doar asta e treaba lor
No but he has friends in roosterteeth this time he knows what he's talking about
I thought you would play a game that is actually released!
Y'all lame because I'm here because of Alan Wake
You can see clearly that that child was BORN fat
Have an army of kung-fu fighters!
Nothing some very tricky Gerrymandering shouldn't be able to remedy!
This can't be real.
But the war on women is here in the USA.
That's a big signing for Montreal!
But how do they eat?
Yes, because the Euro does now cost the same as the dollar, and we all know that the Euro is the currency for whole Europe.
I think a CES instructor is the perfect person to be teaching this seminar.
But I've been told many times that the parties are not both evil, only the GOP and that people should stop equating the two.
Fucking queer amirite?
yes we should be posting msnbc or cnn articles, those are always factual
Bring me a Mewtwo!
Pointing out immigration is racist!
So you mean people living in a luxurious first world countries don't need to kill animals?
Yes, that is exactly what he is saying.
I'm so glad my express bus to Manhattan showed up and I didn't stand in the cold for and hour and I didn't have to sit in traffic and probably miss a bit of my hockey game!
If you just let Sweden take them over again you wont have to deal with this
Doesn't the first and third contradict the second one?
As if America would ever fund terrorists
Virginia.
Slim.
But it's a prediction thread that's the whole point..
It's on G2A now for 10-12 bucks!
It happens...
wat
It's not obvious to people who don't know about her, like me, people watch the debate to become informed not told something is obvious, I wanted to hear her answer to that question because it's my biggest question about her.
Alcohol and pretzels.
Yeah Athens doesn't even use pounds
So nothing....figured as much
That's the joke...
The child who burned the grineer officer using fire in Ember Primes lore begs to differ.
now this leaves me wondering what a birl is...
Well, he did suggest cutting a baby in half.
Godgers:)
Never a lone wolf when you are with Jesus.
Boooooooooo... Get off the stage.
It can just be about someone losing their virginity, or yourself.
Low hanging fruit says messed up hairline
I think you don't have a clue what you're talking about.^whew, ^glad ^I ^got ^that ^off ^my ^chest
Oh come on, it's the GM's job to waste time sifting through bullshit tickets that players create out of ignorance.
Is the tie meant to be worn like this?
It's that pesky Dujuan Harris!
Congratulations on a shitty sex life, in which you have to bride your woman into doing something sexual for you.
because they never outlawed it, or specifically forbade it.
well yeah, 2012 was a record year at the box office too, then 2013 was horrible.
I'd assume that, with a lease, you can trade them in for new ones like you do with vehicles.
Lol
your sense is not really that high, there have been professional players with why higher sense than yours
Like it makes any difference
You're not the only one...
I enjoyed that episode.
check SMSPXE.log and check that the SP3 is reporting the same SMBIOS GUID that you put into SCCM.
I'm sure it could be played on current hardware with the settings lowered.
who cares
Hilarious in an ironic, what the fuck is happening to my country way?
But then again once the game comes out, more people will be pulling packs and supply will go up
After George W. Bush started the No Child Left Behind act, it sure is!
Well, you're half right.
Was it one of the Fear Street books?
None.
Now we need less strict laws to oppose the use of not encripted communications
doot
Don't forget to tally it on the whiteboard.
Lot more sticker then I remember it.
Mortal combat was fine though
...with great penetrating power xD
You're forgetting the fact that robots are taking our jobs.
changed is a really strange spelling of "been lost".
Absolutely nothing!
Nope, nothing like that actually and the suggestion is actually ridiculous.
no, you're fired you intolerable fuckbag
I love the nonsense plot, the complete lack of pacing, and the funky moments between the Hulk and Jennifer Connelly.
Halftime?
accurate Bullshit is still Bullshit
Im so hyped for this, this is my new clg
Ohmygod I would have so much fun on that road...
Probably my all time favorite post here.
In season is up to the Draft for GMs
Well that's pretty hilarious.
Just don't cut off its heads.
Oh good I was wondering what to do in those situations where you simply *must* rape a feeeemaaale
Because we typically date other nerds, I would guess.
He doesn't appear to be able to beat Batman though.
Sorry for getting mad, hate it when people call Israeli's settlers.
If Sterling goes then yes we will need another one
True lets slaughter them.
I can also send $20 on my next paycheck Friday 11/6, let me know if this happens
I thought this time , why not, go big or go home... Went home feeling like a champ ... Just missing several hundred bucks... Plus the Gtx 980 ti... And then a fractal r5.... And... 32 GB ram... Well to compensate, I sold my old stuff as well.
Why so angsty?
- 0 on the House Democrats - 4 on the House Greens - 1 on the House Republicans - 0 on the House American Laborers - 1 on the House Libertarians - 2 on the House Distributists - 1 on the Senate Greens - 1 on the Senate Democrats Off 8 on the House, off 2 in the Senate.
Your feeble brain lacks just the IQ to grasp the ability to have both
Wow, how would I have known what to say otherwise?
I'm not your man, friend!
Paint the parts, and then assemble them.
HIT THE LEVER
I just assumed her husband did the shaving
What specific things did Clinton do to inspire the nation to greatness?
But NBKs AWP is nametagged "JW good but not best" so that cant be true.
Mostly because the Stones weren't letting their music be used as much in ads like the Beatles did.
I'm most interested in the Bow still
Damnit don't bring logic to the feels.. :P
GPU Wars Episode 13: A New API
inb4 stick in ~~your ass~~ a stew
Is she in therapy?
nice memes.
EE is cuter KappaPride
The problem is he seems to think that because the statistics don't line up with his personal experience, they're not valid.
If they're HA what's the big deal?
I'd say that's pretty good considering that the PS3 was so much more expensive than and came out later than the 360
Yeah,bases are closer in Ascencion game mode.
Betas you mean.
Assuming a burglar seeing this among the furniture in a normal house would know it was more than just a nice side table.
Most underrated Sandler movie
Well all speedruns skip story content lol its kinda the point.
Eli
Idk I feel like most guys would end up bragging about it
I prefer mozart and PBS myself
I love Barter 6 so I fine with them rating highly.
I guess, I still think it's kind of relevant to the sub to be so wrapped up in a fandom or whatever else, to assume everyone else must be talking about it, and this person surely is misgendering someone and they just can't leave that uncorrected
i'm allowed to reward my body 5000 calories one day for depraving it to 2000 the day before, or tomorrow.... yea i'll reward my self today for the cut day tomorrow.
I think we know what he means but the point is it doesn't make sense with the picture.
I'm glad everyone is safe!
Double standards are the only ones these people have
Fortunately he didn't make it though his blue period.
i disagree on the others btw, one bad customer makes it too easy to get you bad marks on all the other points
I gathered, but even though I'm an advocate of less, I'm not sure none is realistic
The wealth of a small country but most of it probably sits in the US so it would have an effect but not a massive one.
I don't even know you and I can already tell you come with more maintenance than you're worth
BRO YOUR TACO NEEDS SERIOUS COOLING
o/
Thats what we did last year
Is that why Reddit clings to favorable polls of sanders like a life raft in the middle of the pacific?
The fact that gas prices are so low only proves that Obama is a secret Muslim who used his secret Muslim connections to get the Arabs to lower the oil prices so he could get re-elected in 2016.
Agreeing with this statement here.
No, I'm saying someone who has more REQS has... wait for it... More REQs!
Nope, QG is shit because DIG competed and DIG is shit
Iron Man / Transformer Crossover?
Fuching cool car!
Time to buy some drugs
paddy wackers?
I love autocorrect
I just bought this 3 days ago for 5 :(
Oh, and Galbatorix totally mind-raping someone is bad, but when Eragon does it, he's the damn protagonist, so it's okay.
My shit?
Quoting himself OMG that was hysterical!
Yes.
*gag*
Why write an essay if everyone knows what I meant
Do your googles.
Shoot, DaZeD gave his opinion, so now he is an asshole.
Yep, right after this comes Elite Wings being better than Champion Wings.
To be fair, it'll be in the shop for a week and six days.
He runs tech for a corporation or school.
I figured that's what the kids were calling anal these days.
Coins in tubes.
Depends, are you 12 and like to shitpost?
Enduser has a fantastic catalog of breakcore.
Thank you for help.
You got me there.
but it stops smurfs and hackers!
she even tweeted something like "the information sharing laws are great for exposing racism" and then the photos of the complaints and names, addresses, etc...
How is it that Cranky sounds just like his art looks?
The bowels are not what they seem.
well maybe if your team wasn't a bunch of cheaters you wouldn't have to worry about it!
I've never cringed so hard at a screenshot of someone's stats.
No, this is what people think 'anarchy' means.
oh yea that's totally an unpopular position on reddit
Ahh... now I know which part to eat!
Hay que hacer algo con las sobras.
No one uses this name other than my husband and I, but we sometimes call it Boob-a-food.
Totally unpredictable that you should rent some more servers for new years, who could have seen this coming
11/10 for me
I absolutely love you.
No, where is that large bridge at?
Couldn't they have assimilated in 3 or 4 months like *good* immigrants?
when you are crouching / standing in cover where you are just barely low enough to be hidden opponents could see you switching to your rifle
That was
I don't think his parents are buying him SLI-980Ms or 970Ms (GT80 and Aorus X7 Pro), those machines are expensive as hell.
CommonSense 2015
I'll probably take your suggestion with a grain of salt.
And after all that, he still never explained how "Obama is an awful president."
Then we have quite the multiple personality disorder.
Yes but that doesn't fit the narrative please stay on the hate Kroenke train.
Better question, why is OP such a passive-aggressive bundle of sticks?
There's one on IG for $375 right now; size XL though.
Right....because the clothing and hair are so much more important than what is being said.
And I thought something was wrong when I saw I was idling at 3.5 on my desktop.
Plot Twist: NASCAR mandates a 12 inch spoiler and takes away more hp.
Nick Saban looks like he'd be a lot of fun to hang out with.
Fall into a cryogenic sleep tube and being frozen 1,000 years to the future.
I meant to say Oscar Robinson numbers
All this violence against poor trans men in video games teaches transphobia
Joubert was terrible, that was clearly off an Aussie player, the worst thing is, he knew he had been a shitty ref so he ran off at the end instead of the facing the players, unlucky for the Scots but well played all round.
Forgot the
Way of Gold &amp; Steel was on my wishlist so a good bundle for me :D.
Definitely a concern.
Does this mean I get a PR of PR flair?
It's working great in Australia
whats wrong with selling slaves ?
This absolutely blew my mind.
He got the quote wrong too, think he said 1,000 is a tragedy.. I don't think this quote was ever proven to have been said by Stalin anyway.. But it's not like it would be a surprise if he did, being such a great humanitarian and all
Oh come on, Lightningrod is great on something that quad-resists electric.
But it's just a *theory*!
Get ready... for disappointment?
Never know when you'll need to be a hero.
If I wanted to learn about Roman Catholicism, I'd go to a Roman Catholic source.
But voting for anyone else is just a waste of a vote!
I think she's crazy.
You just need to keep calm and chill.
Good to see flipkart, Myntra, snapdeal not on list
We should kickstart a crowdsourced opensource textbook series for secondary education onward.
Come on: he's a politician, not a doctor.
Yeah, I love eating kimchi while watching boxing too
Typical women not knowing geography
Your mom makes me cringe.
I wonder which characters will star in the next 'episode'
yeah because it's good when people don't understand each other and are condescending to one another
FTFY Bruce
Awesomesauce!
Wow this new camo is great!
Rule \# 4!
Whatever it is we can be absolutely sure that it has nothing to do with their religion.
Dude he died.. so yeah ofc..
They are thinking about taking luxurious flats who have been empty for years and are only used for holidays to use them as emergency shelter for the winter
How much money do you actually need to tell people to not get vaccines?
Both India and Pakistan nuke it to bits, problem solved
FUCK YOU RED TEAM RULES
The current Vanguard offering, Apple of Discord, is a strong condenter, with the mix of a four round burst, Headseeker, full auto and high stability from Hand-Laid Stock.
I thought Bloc Party was still together.
The officer should have politely asked the man to get his ass on the ground
Now you don't get to make ROB hold stuff ;(
Please point out where I ever said that atheists couldn't also act immorally.
Nope
Sure... that's not fake... or creepy.
I think LA exports butt.
Donnie Darko
You don't have a permit or any ID with your date of birth on it?
It's because they're old enough for those penalties.
At once
So how'd he do it?
Sure you can blow up a bridge, but can i finally break a tree?
It's pretty normal, and happens all the time, so he probably does
It's a Barca youngster, of course it was genius play.
woah woah woah What do you mean "you guys"
Yeah, but if you take away all of his successful passes, all the chances he created, the goal, and the assist, he was pretty poor because he kept giving up possession and I don't like his beard
YES, WE MUST BUILD ADDITIONAL STADIUMS
Right.
We should get weapons parts back, too.
So clearly you've had gene therapy otherwise that would be impossible
Strangely enough Ebert did direct a film, and it was a hot steaming mess.
Try rune tail!
He should have waited for the update.
This just in, 7,000 airstrikes isn't a lot.
But the pocket was collapsing around him so fast.
Cause you know, Blizzard is NOT making an FPS game and by consequece their coders obviously cannot make anything that isn't exactly the same as an RTS.
But options confuse new players.
this is 100% genetics i bet he never worked those out once in his life
No idea, guess we can;t have opinions
I'm so fortunate to live I this day and age
Way to sell high.
IMO Eifert is more important to you.
You DONT get man, Russel Bevell is playing shitty and we're not going to win another game
thats the gheisa boy cosmetic for medic that makes him japanese
Then what happened during the Fappening?
Quite sad seeing as how Search only shows QS rooms (lots of them) most of the time and then QS'ing myself sets me up as RM.
If I need to bind clear, then LMeta, otherwise LZL for that sweet double dong and enhance.
Hosmer is my Trap Queen.
Unbelievably perfect- you're running out but you know you have exactly enough to get you to the next step.
because if coke was legal you would still swallow condoms full of it so you could have your two carry-ons.
Looks like we need to start bombing some countries
with this caste awareness you are right candidate for IAS.
Now you use the
I'd still prefer Scotty Parker over him in a relegation scrap
hahaha rekt , unnamed more like REKTnamed
You are the worst kind of fan
I think you're missing a
Oh cmon, Garfield was great on the silver screen!
No, those pig-fuckers/bull-fuckers/goat-fuckers can't do the politically correct thing the rest of us got going!
and then he was best remembered for his anti-semantic comments.
*What* a relief for poor people!
only art majors/enthusiasts will get this cool reference
Teachers like that are the *best*
apparently he has multiple accounts too
I, too, quote Taylor Swift at random.
yea, it's not an iPhone!
10/10 m8 flawless execution
racist
Ha, I had a 1.3 k/d and won 7/10 and got platinum I. Something definitely seems off.
Fixed games confirmed?
But is sooo funny when a 2 year old says "fuck" all the time!
how does the game know if i repost the same question?
Yeah, her AA doesnt hurt at all
These comments are a wasteland.
Thats some quick arm reflexes.
Naw it's cool, he didn't kill nobody so they should know that
If you're with friends and got your own teamspeak, it's fine, but god forbid strangers get to communicate and plan together!
But why do they deserve to be able to build and repair infrastructure?
Only if they are dank.
That is hilarious.
Damn... Talk about a buzz kill
SAFETY TRAINING AT WORK IS SO MUCH FUN!
So I expect him to join with OUR Walmart and other labor groups of wage earners calling for full-time schedules with regular hours, not forced part-time status?
Yeah that was really some next level networking.
its rt they wouldnt have an agenda would they?
I thought it was pretty fun when my Raven got killed off by an invisible ballista.
Is he a bandwagoner...or just a racist?
Thats racist
Hey we still got people alive over here bomb us some more Why is hamas this retarded, its not even them doing the most of the dying.
Obviously the cops planted the gun and then sprinkled crack on them
If someone is sexually aroused they usually have a lower reaction time ;)
actually was about motivating overweight people - it helped them.
it's pre-alpha.....
Yes yes, poor attempted rapist...
Now you're sounding butthurt because you don't have such an inventory...maybe you should start gambling?
Hating on the less fortunate is funny.
She could have been hiding a weapon in her vagina, nature's pocket
Izzzz Shittyyyyy
Benders can't sauce the biscuit between the pipes.
How dare you, you intolerant homophobe!
You're allowed to be wrong
Flare gun!
Well don't they have wonderful timing?
Yeah all the cheating men and women are going to be single... great..
he's also a football club?
You missed the
This totally, since everyone can afford to put two titans in their build.
All Star - Smash Mouth
Steal.
Welcome to the very successful, highly touted War on Drugs!
If they'd only work longer hours...
Dat cinematic 25fps doe.
COLE WORLD
Logic checks out.
I think I would end up holding out for a Compact Sony.
Having a homeowner association is the answer to such problems.
Forced abortions, yay!
For sure
TaiG must be stealing our passwords!
GMOs BAD!
Yeah because stuff like the steam engine, the automobile and the Internet hasn't changed anything in how money is moved around, it hasn't even changed anything in society compared to how we lived thousands of years ago.
maybe an Arkham City type situation?
The really impressive part is that they were both under the same trade and travel embargoes.
No, too much negative publicity.
Pai merita, nu vezi?
Because Israel is the only country in which murders take place
We don't talk about the bloody crow.
jet fuel melts steel beams
* Eggplant ladder hitbox broken * Fixed in source2 &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;
Why the fuck does relation matter, if it was his friend would he still have posted this?
Yeah fuck the ones that make better cpus!
Whose fault is it for living in Canada then eh?
I almooost gave in when he offered me the dickpick, he *did* guarantee that I would be hooked.
Because that would have been way to good!
I don't know about you, but *I* definitely wouldn't rule out the one that was from a plane shot down over Ukraine!
Pardon us while we go over to the file cabinet and stick this into the folder called "Studies that tell you information which is so obvious that you're amazed someone actually paid for that study."
best i can do is $5
I had to put normal maps on to hide my Vertigo/Agency queue
Your opinion matters if you're a liberal. 
It's cool man, they are just giving you job security!
When I banned tails probably my favorite Madden moment
No big deal, other than being prima facie illegal.
Hope he doesn't shave that goatee or he'll be super difficult to find.
Humans
Yeah because getting rank1 is hard and works as a measurement
walao gahmen stifling creative talent again.
This is how vanilla supra is tho
Thanks to homeopathic medicines, yoga, and good healthy raw organic diets, smallpox has been eliminated.
Yeah, just yesterday my boss told me to go get cancer because I made a mistake, it was great!
Very smart of them to make them rare RNG drops while also introducing armor with 4 slots of ancient manastones
Bale to United confirmed!
Who's that bald guy?
Because the Germans aren't good record keepers?
ahh yes, attack me as a shill...that will prove me.
Is that a Pandora's box?
Wow its like the Living story never existed :O
Yeah because mainline SMT characters don't look like animoos
is he dead?
The only logical answer is to come out drawn down.
Does the screen have any way to move the image?
The officers are not bad because they are black, they are bad because they are law enforcement.
I take it you'll be paying with cash?
Apply STP.
Ah whites are gonna be the majority for a long time because more and more hispanics are identifying as white.
Don't worry im sure another more enlightened country will welcome these people after all we have such a wonderful history of human rights in first world countries.
Starwood points are far too valuable to ever actually spend.
You have me feeling so inadequate right now
But, muh welfare .
Totally racist unless it's Jews being racist, then it's just 'pride'..
Take up smoking and go have a cigarette.
Yeah it would be awful to stop poverty if "spoiled white suburban children" have a hand in it.
If only I had a skin-helmet on my penis, my life would be over 1076% better!
Did it cut its own hair with a rock?
Like the Bible Belt watches Jeopardy
Oh come on, like you don't remember every bathroom incident you have taken every day for the past 4 months.
Because in highlander it's still a pub just with class limits?
The key to winning THIS gamer over is more hazy atmospheric filters, less convincingly written characters!
The pedos are protected by parliamentry privelidge
I just completed a one month "learn our system, then impress us by finding a better method of doing something here" training
Yeah, because there's no possible way that a controller could be limited to a single active bind per axis... That's just impossible!
You forgot this:
So vast it's almost like she's misleading us on purpose
Not really... I had Gold version
You forgot the
Every single one
Or OP could run Follow Me Furret or Lucario.
His kids probably will...
Here in Australia it is nearing winter, so i guess Kabam isn't getting lazy they are just showing us souther hemisphere players some love?
Nigga have some sympathy he was overcoming a struggle
Good to see the anti-Razer circlejerk is on point.
Maybe feminists need to change what they call themselves in order to not be associated with the less savory elements?
No, we're the lucky ones for having police shoot us for approaching them.
I bet they didn't even pay taxes on that $700
Or "I'm just crazy, you know?"
My legs are dangling off the edge.
Well the southern hemisphere is too underdeveloped to add to pollution!
yer a faget, harry
4532 ty op
Relevant username!
bitch i aint a horse
How old are you 12?
Google's newer cardboard design does fit larger phones, so one of those should work.
Jamie Foxx is fucking hilarious.
Yes, considering they aren't muslims, it is better.
Seems like an NYC thing too.
I mean, some ludo-reactionaries were arguing that The Witcher 3 is diverse because it has dwarves and elves in it... so this reasoning might not really be that paradoxical for them.
I don't watch plate racing for wrecks, I watch it because its exciting.
what kind of odd questions?
If having an RPD is wrong I don't wanna be right.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure everyone was as hyped as they could be about Peter Jackson coming back for the Hobbit.
Who is number 1?
So is the brand of Protestantism practiced by a sizable chunk of Republicans.
open the .exe, then start Rebirth normaly
its been happening for a while now, i just didn't notice it had progressed that much before now
Left-wingers are not serious people.
Don't forget the palm reader.
Confirmed?
you gonna add in some first round picks too or nah?
Jeez, why don't you brag about your writing skills some more^
Virgil
Nah man it's best when you both do it at the same time
And stock manipulation on a global scale.
I see the comic has conflated "being offended about" with "caring about".
Yes, you need rank 3.
100% true, they don't give a crap about the artists
I'm not the one who can lose 100lbs without dying.
Yes
Thanks!
Jonas should thank Biyombo for fouling out.
The other side of the forest on Mazcab (Opposite side of Kanatah)
List of shows this writer got around to watching this year and happened to enjoy would have been a better title.
It's like carltons evil twin
Don't worry he's been at AKA training lots of wrestling according to DC.
yeah, uploads will become a lot more frequent once he gets a steady income from youtube
Because Bethesda's knowledge of Fallout comes from skimming the Fallout wiki.
Is this the new map on the skyscaper with cargo bin bridges?
haha, easily said than done.
that odd you have to go through all the rigamarole, here you literally walk into the place, ask to rent a whatever size truck you want, pay and then get in the thing, since most places only have 1 of each kind of truck they might be unavailable *sometimes*, but that's not usually the case.
Mi... les?
I like how the upgrade to premium is the same price of the game with premium edition included
/join recruitasmurf
In reality, they're 12.
Haven't you heard that only applies to non-Christians and it's "freedom of religion" not "freedom *from* religion", duh.
This thread is beyond the realms of death.
esl, esea, cevo, faceit, gfinity, starladder, popflash, 99damage league
Well, it *is* Texas.
Muslims are doing nothing to stop terrorists!
Cuz le 90s
Only an anti-Semite would say such a thing.
in the same way that cars != wheels buts its a pretty big fucking part of the car innit?
Not a punish
Aw, did you forget the ninth commandment again?
I'm not paying
The sky is falling!
So why is it that everytime someone tries to bring it up, we are told to shut the fuck up?
Great post m8 8/8
Mark hamill sounds like a southern joker.
Well, Croatia is also an EU member...
North Dakota
No when they released the schedual esl said they Wanted bo3 with 6 teams (or they were lying).. and we got bo1 since we Wanted 8 teams You dont know Who funded esl cologne, Richard Lewis said valve did not allow esl to put down their own cash, so we dont know
It is pretty ridiculous that there have been several comments basically saying that
thatsthejoke.jpeg
I remember this build being in the Minecraft reality app.
Ego with a dart kit, for sure.
Spike Lee joint*
Cant wait to see the reception for his 100th test in Bangalore!
This is extremely exciting for the TSM lineup.
Keep praying?
Because having some drugs when you are in highschool is a "serious crime" that should take away your civil rights for life.
TIL Thomas Jefferson was a God Damn heathen.
Civic owner here, I cannot fit me and 3 friends in my car that luxuriously.
They always get my MVP!
Wow that is terrifying
You didn't think anyone else knew about a song on a popular album by a popular rapper Okay
I think it is the processor, because I have the same g3258 and have the same issue.
Now, imagine how surprised u/PM_ME_UR_TITS was, with the half eaten pizza picture that day.
After reading this whole comment thread, because I've never been able to lose as well, I'm further convinced I'm doing something wrong but I'm following every rule mentioned correctly.
Thank god our dollar is not strongly tied to our energy sector.
I'm really wondering what the hell is going on.
How is him standing there irresponsible?
That's the son.
It's NutraSweet!
lmfao tele after looting come back and get the rest hahaha
Stereotypes generally exist when there is a trend...
Did you forget something?
bcuz str8 ppl arent speshal like me
Have you considered maybe telling someone at her hospital?
Is your sister 12-y/o?
What's a middle class?
20 mins recharge time when your are traveling is a very long time just for a top up to get few 100 km further, so to travel 2000km it would take 2-3 hours waiting around to recharge on the trip?
Remember orkut?
You forgot this:
That doesn't help.
Unless you're Batman, I doubt return numbers are that significant.
So proof that in America you can add the word commercial in front of anything and get money.
How to Win Friends and Influence People Seeing China is our major trading partner, I don't think that should cause any problems.
Look at how bad Flint was in Roger and Me, and then imagine it getting much worse over the next 20 years.
who?
Hahaha
And English is the exact opposite :D
The game isn't exclusive to PS+, it's just a part of this month on the same day it comes out
5th string to be second string
It was so hard to resist!
Okay then nevermind.
Or just rustling England's jimmies by funding a nearby enemy.
Field and Stream in NC
Assuming we expect the company to survive this, and perhaps getting their fine to less than the full amount...perhaps a good time to buy stock.
As Forrest Gump once said, "Shit Happens."
I thought voice actors were the ugly ones?
You dirty commie.
Warhammer!
Even Chechens?
I saw you on TV last time!
Well no, that wasn't really my point...just made a casual comment...
Upvoted cause Anna K
Carol?
Of course these delicate little flowers would Never Ever abuse these laws for their own gain.
That's why I always write the serial numbers down on all of my bills, just in case this happens.
The top of my head is thick with hair.
This clearly has some deprived story behind it
JEEZ MAN WTF
obligatory "globals these days"
the translation for the new event is hilariously bad
Man, I have a 2011 also, and it's only got 37,500 miles.
No it's obviously the Wizard of Snow-Oz.
In all fairness, if the cyclists simply worked harder they would own a car
Hey, it's working for education.
If she doesn't like what's on his phone, I'll be there to comfort her.
But I can't think of any applications where you might need to keep a can cold and understanding why it happens would be useful
I lick their face
That's true, but I'm looking for a replay service because I can't watch many foreign game live due to scheduling conflicts.
I remember freeze framing through that scene because I wanted to see what all he had in his fridge...I don't know why I wasn't expecting rows of vials, but it was clear as day what they were
Germans had, hands down, the best glass until relatively recently.
Is this really blurry to anyone else?
NO THEY'RE NOT!
Let's get a banner with Kessler on the left looking pissed as fuck.... Berman on the other side and Goodell in the middle with a sad look on his face like a puppy with his tail between his legs.
I can see why he isn't in Smash then.
I thought Pritchard was meant to be quite selfish like Taarabt was
I fly a bee artbot
Such a bold statement
See, how hard was it to think of something witty?
He's locked up for the next 4 years
Not even with jet fuel?
1573 Thanks for doing this!
With voter participation in this country so low, what are they afraid of... someone finding out that they vote?
GOD, POKEMON SUCKS, GET A LIFE, NERDS
I swear to god ollad you're some sort of bot I see you on every single fucking subreddit
Ok so once my faucetbox account gets the threshold it'll send my bitcoin automatically like the site says?
No worries just understand me next time
Sometimes it's good, but mostly mediocre.
Press random buttons.
the dutch connection, great pass from blind
*calls for medic* *medic pops uber* *gets lots of kills* I DIDN'T NEED YA HELP YA KNOW
I've never heard of such a thing, let alone experienced it.
Me too please!
Are you, how do I put this, fucking ignorant or something?
Holy shit, finally a wife worthy of Great Leader.
That made me chuckle enough that I got light-headed and forgot the NFL has ties.
... Are you plugging it as a form of advertising?
You are the cancer
Protect your fee-fees bro.
but there is no Palestine
Phoenix does not allow it either
OP said on offense...
Slightly above not very
from the looks of a reload, it's a diminishing counter so you could assume that its days:hours:minutes
Sorry, I meant WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Party on Holloway
That may have required a
Well, Alberta is Texas North right, and Ontarians who have been south of the border know that Texas and New York are identical, so since there is alcohol sold everywhere in New York, there is alcohol everywhere in Texas, and it follows hat Texas North would be much the same.
Or they can just spin the media machine perfectly, making him have no chance as a candidate.
Gotta spin dem plates.
Toyota Yaris / Auris / Corolla (hatchs)
A car crash where you kill a child in the other car is an experience.
Wait league supports Linux?
And also selecting icons from the material icon library, hopefully this ends having to individually copy a hundred million different icons :)
OP clueless af
Slow news day..
I've come to do that almost reflexively.
Yeah, but how good are those part-time jobs now that we have been racked by runaway hyperinflation for the last 6 years?
This is going to do nothing good for PM.
What is that bar for?
Unless it happened twice
There aren't many more off the top of my head.
Marijuana makes my daaay
I'll send you my nudes if this happens because I believe Kunkka is garbage hero.
Yep thats him
With the girl I like rn...
The fun never ends.
should be able to seeing as it's pretty much the same card is it not?
Of course not, we haven't won a single game with our new staff yet!
Yes, as if the only function of elected government is to determine the spending of tax dollars.
Or if you're haven a wank but you don't nut
What's new?
Should have taken a cab and finished the draft on your phone.
It's called the Untitled Album, you fucking pleb
because it's a soundstage
no no no, valve is pretty incompetent
Meh I'm more of a trump guy myself
Clearly someone's not trusting the process...
You know what they say when you assume things.
Now we're afraid we won't be able to afford him :(
just buy more shark cards goyim
Fuck her mom instead and then have Emily help move her stuff?
get gud.
Pretty sure it was all planned to get a 0 cost dragon out.
Haven't seen this before.
hmm you better summon then!
I'd rather wait then play with a bunch of exploiters.
but...but...feminism is a cancer
The fashion is like short shorts, so above the knees with like no pockets and pastel colours... saying that in an office prolly less so
Oh shit, I thought that subreddit was about 60 FPS Corn, thanks AutoModerator, you saved me right there!
Kojima is telling us what company hes going to?
I didn't see an
Takes 2 seconds to look at posting history to determine but hey, bring out the downvotes.
Cats are more important than black people.
I for one like getting ads, how else am I going to know the deals on literally everything I ever search for on the web.
Supercell.
My 'dreams' fade away... That sounds horrible.
Actually I'm a Toledo fan!
ass heavy meaning, the weight is all in the back of a long bullet shape.
Did he get 2 that year?
Wow your monitor is RGB too
Well he ripped off James Cameron and Tolkien, might as well go for the trifecta.
Lee needs more ups
but I want to be that asshole, i want recognition, even if only as that asshole
**ProxyGambit** is an independent project that was released specifically because ProxyHam was halted.
I like him for his facts, but he could shut up sometimes.
Yeah, how dare they give awesome secrets in the game!
But muh spreadsheets contain all the knowledge anyone would ever need!
Don't be silly it couldn't possibly be that!
Do it going 100
Why is the best music from several decades better than the music from the last year or two?
BuyMyBook Money BuyMyBook well BuyMyBook spent
Yah don't push her wheelchair or help her when she's in trouble she's a big girl she will take care of it herself
Oh boy I cant wait for this QB controversy to remain in the spotlight the entire season.
Better to vote in an extremely easy to corrupt way that leaves no evidence behind
Marathon Racer is a rad tire if you want something lighter and faster but still reliable
I don't think he will last until the election day
I'd actually watch the fuck out of that.
Yeah... Everyone chose to be born and needs to deal with the consequences of that choice.
Then why use Foster's as your word for beer?
It was so nice of them to answer both your questions!
Nice aim
Yeah, in the NV one they sound less enthusiastic.
That most certainly is the reason every T always drops his AK for an M4 as soon as he sees one...
No Sammy, you mean illiterate
I'm so sick of the fucking media twisting everyone's words!
This sub / product is clearly not for fun!
Oh shit, good catch.
The *stellar quality* of the port and its *godlike optimization* are both well known, aren't they?
Oh but no, animal protecting north India can kick itself out of the union and let us kill animals to our wish
If only she had been carrying a gun, too.
That's hilarious.
The public has a right to know!
Microsoft app store, I think
There are dozens of us!
Whoa dude spoiler alert
Can't get any smaller (size wise anyways) than Rhode Island, 189 of us on the floor of the Providence basketball/hockey arena.
Are these the ones that are taking us to salvation?
Yea, and EULAs hold up in court every time
Yeah the biggest limiting factor to hurricanes is availability of ocean water.
I guess that's only true now if the VIN starts with WVW
Would be cool, but then again Annie and Ahri haven't got a skin for like MONTHS now so they're due for more.
Anyone else?
dbcc shrinkfile
He my as well throw his bat...
They're coming to take our drones.
And they are not an elector themselves.
I don't undwrstand we don't park someone up front on PPs.
You forgot to mention good old Vernon Davis, who gives up on plays along with his amazing catching skills sob.
yeah like rape culture and rape jokes are two different things
And the poor homeless people bring it down!
The final boss was already introduced in chapter 1.
Sounds like one Scientology level brainwashing.
Dear Cudi, I wrote you but you still ain't calling
Finally, a company is arbitraging the 73% statistic!
In Bernie's defense everything was going swimmingly until the CIA sabotaged the breweries and everything collapsed
Oh I forgot the
cis-white male piece of shit, check your priviledges
Yeah.... Who the fuck doesn't raise there units to max before using them?
Ah... SHould've put a
Forget about the whole fiasco and buy some skins?
And raising cows is tied to climate change, sounds legit
I'm shocked
I bet you're Imperial too.
I thought that's what Jade Helm 15 was all about.
I think this is one of those fandoms that hates straight ships.
You should have bought a candy bar, and asked for her name, and then let her know that you'll fill out the survey and make sure that she gets "credit" for her "wonderful customer service."
Sounds like you're in favor of financial abuse
Not even iPhone 6S...
evolution !
always trust titan
Maybe that's their secret... They don't use form
Proof, the church is true
all those rocket scientist murders it was hard to stop them from killing in their labs!
Brown everywhere.
To be fair, a PS1 cost like 200$ and a PC that could run that was like $1,000,000,000.
You forgot
No it won't because Reasons and Viewshed and Riff-Raff.
Would have been too obvious
Thanks for the update Verizon
I'm on the waiting list for clinical trials
Heroes of Might and Magic - 2 was personally my favourite but I think a lot of people liked 3 as well
Metcons look cooler, isn't that what really matters?
Yeah, cause Clint Eastwood's films have got significantly worse as he's aged.
boohoo 5 championships in the last 15 years, we have it so bad.
I didn't realize graphic design was considered admin work
I dunno fifty warp lightning canon army sounds pretty great
Why not?
yea but uninsured rates are down due to mandating insurance meaning its a resounding success!
1/4 inch plywood birch laminate cut to size, super smooth and you can brush and recover your powder and primers off of it.
Because none of us that live here have disdain for the flag.
notaries, payment channels and lightning
yeah .. not like there is any rush or anything .. just take your time guys
Better to have the bit break than to strip out the screw.
But people will drive faster and more reckless knowing that they have seat belts, causing more accidents!
I, for one, didn't even get what on Earth people were talking about saying that the beginning is slow and then it picks up.
Everyone in the service industry should be able to tell customers this when they come in 10 seconds before closing.
Ikr wow who wouldve thought taking krugs is hard
Yes, they are anti-national.
TIL The 2500K is a card, not a chip.
SNSD, 2NE1, Sistar
RACIST!
I didn't realized he was injured in week 1
Good guy AMD, Nvidia forces you to spend up to $1000 to use their drivers
guys watch out this guy is on fire
r/hailcorporate
Pah just like we have decoy vacations we clearly have decoy performers dragged up like the original to throw us off the scent.
Well I did smoke a fuckload of weed at 5 years old
6 down, 15 to go!
The church?
silly europeans don't understand federalism.
they keep saying vowels i hate it when they use vowels to speak i only like consonants
NEVER FACE YOUR FEARS, ALWAYS BLAME PARENTING
You lured me into a false sense of security, fiend.
WOW FIRST TIME I AM HEARING IT
Atrocious
The correct choice was to back up to the menu, make a copy of your save file, and have a timeline in which each brother lives.
That way you fall on the baby and not your face genius!
Gotta look classy right?
Well of course; that's not ethical game journalism
Well it's free when you buy windows
Repairing guthans and finding a new host is really hard
We can't believe this, because he's pro-Kings, so obviously biased.
50 minus 20 duh
I initially listened to WMF on audiobook and I thought it was Mayor for the longest time too.
_/
What you didn't enjoy the beer chugging luxury comp?
it's unfair because all empires can use it, and because you need to trade out a primary weapon, making you vulnerable in 1v1 infantry firefights
Thank you, Mr Gohmert, for also proving that hetersexual married couples that cant or chose not to have children are unnatural as well.
Well, as long as we stay Christian, there will never be Sharia law...
Lol who cares about this port when we can get Darksiders 2 and Prototype
Yes, comparing a transgender athlete with a cheater with the IQ of a tree stump is certainly reasonable
He said "The shit they did", not "DaS2 is shit".
*shameless post*
Yeah and playing dead certainly won't work as there needs to be bits of white pieces everywhere to be confirmed.
Ray Comfort, Kirk Cameron, Ken Ham
Because race and culture and geographic location = the tint of your skin
I recommend downloading some more ram.
Especially when they escape is season 1.
Will ya just stop being a dick, fuck off mate.
I disagree with your opinion, and hence i will downvote you.
stop criticizing her corruption she's just an oppressed womyn!
You shouldn't refer to protesters as animals, it's just mean.
But did they love you as much as my mom?
In other news, it's medically impossible to urinate when you aren't to the point of pissing yourself.
plot twist: you are gay and havent come out yet
But where is proofs of Russian army?
Nah, he would be 100% p/b, and icefrog would never allow that to happen
I wonder how much BenQ is paying him.
Yeah, thanks for explaining why you disagree.
Well, you only notice the crosshair changing size if you keep the default one like a noob
It's more of a timer.
Jordan 7s are *soooooo* slept on
Yes, we should all be thankful we didn't get an atomic bomb dropped on our heads, it can always be worse... Right?
But did you count the yard signs?
So, the Chinese are melting the icebergs and glaciers?
For....hunting?
73,000 creepily specific words.
So they can listen to their hearts
Hey, "OozingCrotchSmegma69" sounds like a user name a good religious person would have.
Lol yeah...blame the chair.
Hmm.. Tough choice.
Clearly the answer is to let more of Mexico into the US.
You made me yawn you dick
Yeah, he was definitely struggling before these nerfs and too much could ruin him
Cant get news if the internet down
That was nice of you to mow for him, I bet he appreciated it.
Exactly, if children aren't kept ignorant and sexually repressed, how are you supposed to keep them quit after abusing them?
Yeah fuck this, let's bring back the assassin meta so that every game is won by no skill champs with zero counterplay!
Please explain the connection between the issue discussed in this documentary and Islam.
Burning team captain
Are you making fun of his inability to clap?
Forgot the
Titan X 4 way sli
More equal and fair than capitalist marshmallows
I bet all 6 of the cops wanted him dead and it was their intent to *murder* him.
More like deep cheek in your case
great, thanks for the input
Whoa stop with your anti-partisan bullshit!
Hockey is just figure skating but more dramatic.
Wow 10am so early can't believe anyone rolls out of bed before 1pm
It's not sexual harassment if a woman does it to a man!
Where were you the day melee died?
Everyone knows that girls are a token card, they decrease in value with availability, this is why they fight for dominance.
Of only we gave the police more money so they could properly train their officers on the laws they have to enforce!
Strangest thing is that it seems to happen every time, as soon as the OT starts the momentum just shifts to the other side.
Nuclear arms in an insecure continent will surely stabilize the region!
[your riddle?]
What is your old bank?
Obummer is to busy hanging muslim prayer curtains to take pictures with American flags
I see...the number of stars stayed the same on the EU flag because UK left and Turkey joined... Clever.
Chinese medicine treats the causes of the problems, not just the symptoms like western medicine, don't you know?
Smh moderates be like
Yes, they're certainly a trashy environment for banning someone for being a jerkass.
Also you can go ahead and build the mother base for them in Metal Gear Solid V and then they can just jump straight into online battles.
I wouldn't say he's much better on defense.
And who funds the school every year from now on?X
No shit that's what I said.
There's a cat by your parts.
Welcome to what's made Guardians borderline broken for ages.
First we need to make a list of tech savvy MPs/MLAs
Yup
I believe he existed as a person, but the "water walking" stuff was over exaggerated, in honor of him, like how people exaggerate a kings work
Booooooo
Do you hate Wawa too you fucking savage?
I like you.
Indeed early it's going to throw off timing a decent amount.
Well, now you play the game
if there is no malice, it should just be called bad luck, as that was what happened
I guess they've all finally learned their lesson about her.
... something something sinking ship.
If you're at the point where you need to use lasers, it's highly unlikely that any of your weapons/frames that you have equipped will need any XP.
Not with winston and any at all DB coverage lol
Couldn't have phrased it better myself mate
oh, so basically this isn't really news.
well, the current shirt im wearing reads as: "EAT YOUR VEGGIES BITCH" so take it as you will, maybe some inspiration there
It's the story of a man inspired by America's grit after the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor and his rise from food fight aficionado to senator.
Your almost a human being.
And down we go.....
Frat boys, sorority chicks, people who are there only to be seen (aka: sorority chicks), and guys who yell out idiotic advice who obviously know nothing about football (aka, frat boys).
Can you explain this?
Are they still working out of their bus?
Prove it.
You played 5 of the 6 worst offenses, 4 games were against the 2 worst offenses, the toughest offense the 2000 Ravens played against were ranked 8th (Jaguars).
This is why I go to the bar on Halloween instead of dealing with entitled douchey parents.
yeah I'm starting to have my doubts too the technology is there though, it would just be a lighter macbook pro
MWP would still be the baddest dude out there
Maybe if MT sees the light...but that's like finding a needle in a haystack.
But Saitama is a self-made orphan...
Kansas beating Rutgers!^^Technically^an^upset
one turns to the other and says "I thought it said cars" the other one said "nah, it actually said bar, but the game was very cinematic so that the textures don't look weird"
you are unlikely to get 2 for 59 when no one sells them for under 30 each
we got into the settings menu dear god
Tokai is gecko and this is no gecko, is it
Ooooh that makes it super hot
Dags?
Heh, what?
Seems surprising to say, but if Christine Michael doesn't step up they may have to make room for Rawls.
They might be giants.
Because the buy-barrier is totally effective at stopping rude people and cheaters from gaining acces.
That was part of their gameplan because tanking
Lord knows we'll eat anything.
Haha the funny thing is op is literally on level 7 smurf and trying to play it off as Thor op There's literally nothing praiseworthy of this at all
502,529
[Third Eye Buzzing Intensifies]
Some of you are gorgeous.
40 seconds to put on a jacket; that's pretty impressive
Not a fan of the food at that place but if you're a smoker it's a nice place to hang.
If you don't like feel good, unsubscribe.
What about the women's world cup?
Anyone else read it as seventy-million?
Or you could just learn to deal with them for what they are instead of being sad about bad words over the internet :~(
At least he didn't call the mayor an Armenian, then he would have really insulted him.
They also have to bear with people throwing themselves in front of them, hence the high pay to keep them on.
Couldn't afford the 5.5 fucking k
ITT: redditors pretending they know shit about how bridges work
Yeah, why would they change the hitboxes, everyone loved the old ones so much!
It's pretty much a Pershing but the gold round isn't as good.
Unfortunate if he does leave, but I can't blame him for looking elsewhere if it means more minutes for him.
name checks out
Hey, don't you dare to teach the kids about free sex
Show Dany: "[Long speech about female empowerment]... Dracarys" Book Dany: "I am but a young girl and unschooled in the ways of war, but... Dracarys"
I think that's called victim blaming
Slow down!
Thanks for the glorious giveaway.
You'll never hear him demonize companies his base likes.
This is an enviornment of welcoming and you should just get the hell out of here
And Freaks and Geeks!
Those materials...
it isn't I know, But bristle fed, and all the blame is on me?
No doors and a little visibility hampering wall?
Only if you're a guy.
But I thought that men loved *currrrvy* women back then!
He's faster without the costume
In some politicians' cases, the line between 'radical ideas' and 'moronic ideas' isn't all that clear.
Protestants converting to Catholicism would also suffice.
Wow so clever high five good job
Shit, I'm aerospace and would've corrected it.
What a pair of self righteous, sanctimonious cunts.
Tom Cruise
I can't wait to get an avatar accessory code in my inbox on the 15th.
Of course, I'm not some animal.
Harry
And then, as she regenerates into her new form at the end of the episode, Kanye rushes onto the stage to shout "Hold up, I'm gonna let you finish but...."
Sorry I can't help you with that, as I'm not in the US :) But I hope you'll get the help you need!
I've never realised quite how nice Albania's colour is.
Those goals require dominance though, both the Russians' and the US'.
SEASON MELTDOWN REST EVERYONE WITH GOOSEDOWN PILLOWS FUUUCK.
It was probably not only one side doing the thrusting...
Looking back, I realize that a huge chunk of my programming experience growing up (middle school, high school) was in mScript.
It's a real shame he stopped doing his match analyses right around the time the team stopped being awful.
Now lets watch this shoot to the frontpage.
TBH as far as I can tell, most people haven't started even caring about the election yet.
To be fair, it depends on the situation you are in whether it would be placebo or not, there are certainly times when they are useful and beneficial
Yes, I'm sure this wonderful example of parenting was planning on using all that scam money for the kid's education...
He seems pretty happy
Totaly forgot about cruxes, such a noob move xD Thanks!
(With stiff upper lip and haughty accent...) "I always knew those scoundrels down there were nothing but ignorant know-nothings!"
Why's it so quiet then?
Muh Next-Gen Pachinko Graphics
Haha, even the baby's like "fux up with this, mum?"
We have some nice tits.
Maybe they should stop being terrorists then!
In the pleasant valley graveyard
I need to know!
I am sitting on 1640 ar pi for the last 6 months.Can't wait for championship thresh to go on sale.Last thing I bought with ar pi was DJ sona.
They don't even have money for proper shoes!
Obviously the Kardashians
You are a savage creature John Spartan.
What are dialects?
Hey at least you can make mobs feel sick
Well, the picture is still in color, isn't it?
And so ends *that* saga...
Please tell me you're being sarcastic...
Don't cut yourself on that edge
watched all games got nothing as usual....
There's a horizon?
Fair enough, good reply
but... but... then they can't be a jobless art history major
SOMUCHCOTTAGECHEESE
That feel when your first harvest comes through.
The Israeli Apartheid state only allowed them to go to a public university to convince you that there is no apartheid!
nobody was forced to spend money so...
But it is a god damn repost.
I use iAlien which I don't see anyone using but I love it (changing color scheme, night mode, integrated imgur/browser)
Yes, but you are less free!
He should be sorry because you made that very obvious.
I'm saying both equates to not complaining, the point is that in that in the complaining respect there is no difference.
What does ID stand for tho?
But it's soooo hard to copy the photo, paste it to Google Images, and find more of it.
I read it in Christopher Walken's voice.
o___________o
but dude nunu is so mechanically intensive
So did JFK
Why not egg him on an flip him off?
Hover your mouse over them and it will tell you.
Haha, good plan.
Yeah the 80s were so traumatic for black people...
It's a courtesy accidental
haha he said the F word xD
because you're a bitch?
That's a funny looking DL44
That wimpy deer?
Eye of the Tiger.
Most comfortable pair of shoes/boots I own.
It looks like we were good until 1871, then the prairies got populated
Makes sense.
you forgot your
Not if In-vitro fertilization has anything to say about it.
Why should all the other parties have all the fun?
But inbred will please Ahura Mazda Persia takeover the world fk the Karlings
I thought #7 was a painting of a painting at first.
Right, the religion based on Jesus has absolutely no history of matyrdom.
Increased my clocks by 10Mhz, just enough to not melt my laptop's insides, wurf the premium price!
My uncle?
I...I kind of want to try it now.
Like the time he buried Fandango at WM...
have the bitcoin core devs guaranteed to work on bitcoin in perpetuity?
Dreadfort Uber Alles!
The grand jury decided not to indict the officers
Yeah avoid cheap shit like Whitco, get a Lockwood.
Are you from Pawnee?
Shh I'm young and optimistic
typo ftw
Yeah her spiderlang damage nerf is really gonna make her un-playable!
Nah, that's the KLR.
Yeah because sending a playful picture to her boyfriend totally means she is one.
Because snow exist
It's the purpose of a rehearsal, to rehearse, not to sing your lungs out
Allow me to finish the equation English = white = fascist
Stop whining ya honkey.
It makes sense why listening to Bob Marley makes people want lash out and fight others.
sounds like AvE too
Main that I usually queue with folks Supreme, solo alt Global Elite.
yeah, they have to wait a whole 2 minutes... what a jackass..
But what about Crysis?
needs more you
I wouldn't be surprised if industry was behind the "grassroots" activism.
Play at least 30 hours a day or leave your scrub
Yea, but it saves American lives and obviously that's all that matters!
TIL: CPU clock is the same as CPU load
no you're wrong, employers are penny pinching greedmongers who pay as little as they can.
Dat ass!
I'm sure this would never happen where you live.
Exactly!
Yeah its been a while since I have been there I went as a wake fan back in the day.
This week, yeah.
What are the most popular/liked betting sites?
Oh, I thought they scoffed because everyone knew that he would sell his arse.
Drinking the Confederate tears.
Yeah, volks have as much AI power as the wasp did
OKW is too weak, they need to kill your troops without you noticing to balance it out
Prickly Pear on Main has a good butternut squash soup!
Way to be "unexpected"
But the full quote might lead TBMs to assume that exmo family members are still good, and we can't have that!
We already did, we just don't like to talk about it.
Of course, the referendum will be asking the question in a sophisticated manner ^^^^
Thats it guys n gals time to pack up and turn the lights off.Our superior rigs had a good run.
TIL breastfeeding causes autism!
Exclamation points are just obnoxious
Arrested for whaling
I did make it pretty clear not to think about it.
oh sorry now says "Scheluded maintenance" my bad guys
im not 100% in love with how you said "black"...
But that is how the game is meant to be played..
hahaha okay I was about to say.. You're right, it's still not that cheap though.
I expect that they will acknowledge the true carry of KOO, Hojin.
The almighty Ziz
A new record to break them.
But I'm a reddit youtuber, I obviously have no life so I watch everything there is to watch, but since I watch everything, I can't remember everything correctly
Yeah fuck just buying a $200 engine kit that's 30cc larger and putting it on the mtn bike I already own when these start at only $3200
They're all part of the generation that fought in the first World War
We should totally listen to what these guys thought about gay marriage and net neutrality.
I also disagree with climate-change deniers but I don't want them arrested for it.
Yeah fuck the courts and traditional justice!
They don't take CL seriously...
Man, I wish I was born in the 70s, all my generation does is make shitty YouTube videos about how their generation sucks.
If women aren't people, how is sexism a problem?
He was a Knicks fan growing up
A hearse for the casualties of the Great Skeleton War
All you need to read is Quran anyways.
No, in no way I would edit my comment maybe improve but not edit.
Time to get on Netflix and watch Zeitgeist again...
Love it!
Incoming cock!
Why does Voldemort has a nose?
It would be as east as saying you agree with some of their goals but refuse to self identify as part of their group because of whatever reasons you'd have to leave in the first place.
I can't wait to own one.
Good to go knows beamers are basically cars and should be charged
General Secretary Debbie Wasserman Schulz has decreed that the DNC-sanctioned debates shall not be online, nor televised, nor broadcast by radio but **will** be available in vinyl format for purchase beginning in 2062.
But these players have very sensitive feelings and they are emotionally hurt by being booed.
I know that feel, owning every DLC and feeling really sad due all this shit Overkill caused.
Until we have zero violence in black communities we arent allowed question anything gun related.
So battery life over ten years?
so funny
No Pansy, no event.
Fanfics + For Glory gameplay, two of my favorite things!
Thr r srtng smbls nbtwn th lttrs
We ain't good enough for you bub?
*deletes patron warrior deck* *Builds face hunter deck* Thank you Blizzard!
HAIL HARPER!
I'm sure the Adani corporation will care for the protected species to the utmost of its ability
Who didn't?
Yeah, because all the players that you are assuming that Lucho doesn't want to promote are as good as Messi.
Cool, in that case let's try to start more wars then, there's never been a better time!
Easy, ButtStallion.
Or to keep the show running
THIS ARGUMENT IS SHALLOW AND PEDANTIC
_Its only short term... don't worry these things are swings and round abouts_
But if you're not doing anything wrong what does it matter?
That he is pretty heavy so you might have to strain your muscles
I am shocked and outraged that these politicians are self-serving and going after their own ambitious goals rather than for the good of the country.
Welp, tinder might be having a few errors then as far as I know this shouldn't be possible.
Missed it by that much...
Even more impressive that you saved $23912905!
But no one lives in the desert, havent u seen the movies?
It's so funny you mention veganism, when I had a kid I became a vegetable, it's so worth it though.
Not too bad considering the phone costs about $150 to make.
Anyone have a link to the video?
It could also be that Mike Elliot worked on 30 different magic sets.
Yet you still complain..
Which bolts in particular are you referring to?
nah, you see, some people are "meat eaters" and they never saw a vegetable in their damn life!
But we know weed is evil because the government said so, and we know governments can't be wrong!
But there raf simmons!
So if I have higher skill with the FAMAS than a new guy with an AK-12 I'm cheating?
I've been discovered!
Yea, but in his defense she looked 15.
Maybe I should have added a
Successful trade on my end!
Is there anything else?
Or white Hispanic, whatever the fuck that means.
Looks like we're buyers!
Now that's high fucking drama right there!
Trade Melo?
look at that inclusionary zoning at work!
So there goes any hope of Huffington Post ever criticizing telecoms again.
We can, but they cost money and aren't as much fun as dressing up, getting pissed and rampaging through the countryside on a horse.
Hey, did anyone notice the soldiers with Superman's shield on their uniforms?
Obviously we just need to make it illegal to reload while shooting other people!
roofies
After all heavy is the most stealthier and nimble of the classes
No, obviously this totally happened in Platinum.
LEGEND
not as serious as the sond effects at 2:30
Do you ever use it?
Obviously they're open from 5 AM to 11 PM Monday through Thursday, and from 5AM on Friday to 11 PM on Sunday.
Everything worked out ok?
I thought we were supposed to blame this on the Chinese buying up houses in Vancouver, right?
Idk man...I like my gummy bears with a side of explosive diarrhea.
MPs earn more than 50k/year, I'm sure that has nothing to do with it, however.
guys i found the arraxi item manipulator
PUSSY CANT HANG
When do they get a seat on the UN security council?
Why don't we name it "The Stumpinator" ?
Start the year with grammar, have the students make posters?
Yes, because GotG was such a flop!
Bomb timer will be changed to 55 seconds.
Worse than TNA, I tell ya
What's your plan to get there?
Apple is a more established company and people already expect that crap from them.
Long ball United at its finest
I wonder how long before he posts a field report on how AWALT on TRP and how he can prove feminist bitches secretly love the alpha cock
Makes sense though, because the claws were new and hadn't been broken in yet.
Anonymous if you've ever been needed....
Next YCS prize card
this just keeps getting better
Yeah and I got legend rank within the first week of playing.
Yeah but you better keep the weed out of the youngsters hands... That will make them commit murder.
If a guy is into you he could never get over it and be friends, so it is better to shut him out of your life.
You know, if they're just going to eradicate all history from their part of the world anyway, carpet bombing and starting over *is* an option.
No, no ... you pay them $80 for that adapter and you do it with a smile on your face, dammit!
Hey man, that's 140 bucks in travel credits!
BUT HOW CAN YOU BE A NERD AND NOT BE INTO COMICS
But 30 is so OLLDD!
I love first week overreactions.
CS thinks your a dick, now think about what you've done!
Oh, this is yours:
I agree with all the fixes apart from the fourth one, I think with random spawns the poison gas mechanic would be very weird, and you'd be stood in it almost all the time, unless you have a way around that :P
He just wanted to know if you were interested in some tea and chicken :(
It wasn't at 4k and doing 60 fps so I don't know if you'd call it running
Hacks
Dont get any ideas!
2 kids died at illegal underground rave, more at 11 Ye, that's a headline I've never heard.
Standard hours lol must be a socialist
Sure thing..
Haha, fuckin loser.
She's gonna egg their house during the inevitable messy breakup, once she gets drunk and mistakes their house for yours.
Haha it's not our fault you forgot the
Yeah but they're their own kind so it doesn't matter
Yeah make sure you kill him so his jacked up buddies will go easier on you
It's the hormones in the milk!
Also, you can totally tell whether people are disabled by looking at their face.
Better share the most important result in Scottish football tonight.
But.. but... reading's for nerds!
My sexy glossy white MacBook (and the millions of fingerprints and scratches on it) disagree!
Meee too.
All black people are the same!
Still waiting for N910G like -_-
BECAUSE THE WOMEN AND BROWN PEOPLE KNEW THEIR GODDAMN PLACES
Your username is so offensive, you fucking islamophobe educate yourself
i forgot my
How the hell do we get that without removing voting rights from women?
Gay transman who's super into straight-appearing men, hi there ;P
Clearly all sockpuppets!
Spooky!
He is really talented at doing other people's material, I agree.
dont forget your handy dandy
Because why not?
So prices will go up and businesses will shut down so that 2% of the working population can get an extra $100 bucks a week... sounds like the smart thing to do
Looks like another victim of the bandera nazi junta oppression
thanks dad
seriously wtf
am disappointed, people who died last season are returning, this isn't nuzlocke
The Crayola crayon "peach" was once named "flesh," but was changed it be more PC in the 60's.
But what if I want to make myself feel superior to someone who's successful?
No he just got stuck in Austin traffic
Yeah cause stating that another company gives free stuff to a free game means he has downs
I guess I forgot the
meh, saw it coming.
Go find him at the stable, it should start a new quest there.
Waardenburg?
ISIS, Al Qaeda, Boko Haram, Taliban... yeah certainly no muslims in that bunch
But the constitution is what allowed 9/11 to happen.
What's MRP?
I'm sure that both shows will have similar budgets, as well as network management smart enough to let the producers do their own jobs...
Foodfight!
Stap it
Yes because real currency and anonymity over the internet fosters a happy and healthy environment.
Figo?
Whats the case?
Yes, his daughter is killed by a man with NO arms.
yeah, not like huni deserved it more
The meltdown in motown?
when i step on someones foot and they take offense, i'm like what the fuck are you gonna do about it bitch
Weird, my boyfriend has absolutely no issues with sex and takes ADHD meds.
But Asians sure do make the perfect "model minority" for racist arguments.
so your parents were drug dealers and the money got seized.
it'd be pretty cool of you if you did so :) It'd look weird if i did as the OP
My abs are steel.
Dial it down there chief, everyone makes mistakes.
He's been updating facebook the whole time, though.
Aaaaaand, I forgot to breathe for a while there.
She closed her eyes and stroked his hair.
Well, unfortunately marketing doesn't have the nations' health in mind.
Busy playing Ping Pong with Jose Enrique.
thats a huge fucking nightclub.
And just like that, our matchup in Austin next year is cancelled.
Haha I honestly thought it was a tool bag next to him until I looked back at it
I think it was a joke
Why can't I have a friend like Asif?
You're missing the chicken.
Nah man they're being witty
Isn't it wonderful to have a president that expects some of us to die to prove how "tolerant" he is?
You'd be lucky to get two points
How do you deal with being a rock?
Nice, I've been playing the Pokemon Stadium/Colosseum games as well as a few Mario games, just making up for not having Nintendo consoles as a kid, other than the Game-boys.
Calm the fuck down
I imagine, a entire rick and morty season, in a GIF... just... imagine... ^^i ^^just ^^orgasmed
Not sure if spelled stupid incorrectly on purpose or...
Well this is the old Pelagos, not the new Inhouse
I just remembered that in the last episode you didn't mention anything about the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything?
its almost like people literally didnt read a thing and yet were still waiting for the second worlds were avail aha
He pulled a Unidan
Are you trolling me?
With 1000000 deaths per round
fsmash has 1f startup
The article say also cromeos can.. So Google already has the working algorithm, even if it support a small subset of CPU/architecture.
Ramen is a delicacy back on Earth!
What?
But does someone in NC wants to buy the team from Karmanos?
Because having a beer before a football game on your porch 3 weeks before your 21st birthday is really such a terrible crime.
Found the AMD fanboy
What, don't you always jump to conclusions based on 10 second gifs posted to WTF?
I just started getting into Dice Masters which is nice because boosters are only a dollar but it feels like a gateway drug.
Good thing overpopulation isn't a problem anymore.
Ysera Awakens finally makes Control Hunter Viable.
*parasight
And I guess this is a demonstration of why Chinese is not very concise, because it's necessary to ask for clarification on stuff like that
Here I was just about to start banging on about liberal agendas and all that.
That's what she said... granted she was being paid... because she was a prostitute.
The UN is sounding like my old schoolyard.
And you know what small shoes mean
nt rush
Your double negative threw me off.
Deeeeeep.
Usually I'm pretty good at guessing the top comments of a post cause Reddit is extremely predictable, but I'm surprised I had to scroll this far down for this.
Coe wasn't in these sessions.
1 Bitcoin each.
Have to be crazy to jump out of a perfectly good sleigh.
So... not too different to having a pertruding camera luckily Apple wouldn't do that.
Still waiting on those good times everyone seems to be enjoying.
I used the raid scout rifle, my arc Conspiracy Theory-D shotgun, and the raid machine gun.
It looks like the flip knife and huntsman had a child.
Steak.
They take quotes out of context, rephrase things to appear incriminating, and take advantage of the fact that we don't have all the information.
Google is bigger than apple in the mobile market.
Snowboy's 100% controlled opposition limited hangout ptb patsy.
Cancer simulator
Strava?
Pro sports is just watching criminals in between crimes
jinbe vs crocodile, the battle of ex shicibukai
Oh my Lord I wanted to rip my hair out at all the people who keep saying the season is spoiled
Now the books seem so unrealistic...
What camera do you use?
They've always had that problem.
Loved the video
Every time I see this, it makes me happy.
But that's hurting the feeling of people who sexualy identify as attack helicopters!
clearly vac
In a RP mod wow im blown away!
Sorry I couldn't hear you from way down there
In 2004, it probably was.
Trying to put value back in the asset.
1gs up in the chat?
I saw Comstock but I see Hershel now that you say that.
Should be 8 or vista
Holy shit Pittsburgh.
maybe an indicator of the color switching as well, maybe a big clock above the goal, or even the goal changing to white then to the next color
[]
but solo queue is not important
what if she failed to ever call you back afterwards?
Really?
They also said Joker wasn't the bad guy in City...
But.. But.. The internet is no place for content a decent amount of people find offensive :(
Sure I would love portal op!
A guy on the Internet who is *clearly* smarter than her.
Yes, then when you have that big ol gap on your resume just put in "Focusing on finding a husband" That's totally acceptable.
I think I know what you're getting at, and I agree.
Anticipating a miraculous economic recovery in the area that will probably never happen.
You're so tough
cool portal style
Because ISIS is our biggest threat and will kill us all
Who's scruffy looking?
Yeah, they'll definitely have the same acoustics too
NA fpl and chill does not fit in a sentence
I kinda agree, I thought her death sequence was done in pretty poor taste.
He cant even say what kind of knife he flipping had everything he writes is conjecture and its the da office that sets standards for illegal knives not police unions.
Oh yeah, I forgot that teenagers can do no wrong!
Everyone knows that Stephenie Meyer invented vampires!
And they added in Expeditions to entice people to buy it even if the other stuff isn't enough.
I am, hope it's not rude or something
Alien Blue
I just threw up in my mouth a little at Green Bay Cubs
Plot Twist: It's a prototype R9 490X
Yes it is.
World War Z
fuck that buggyass flawed game
True story, I once sat down and watched the entirety of Far Cry.
like At The Gates :(
gg ez
This is among the least funny images I've seen in my life.
Or maybe it's because the contestants are out of this world.
Wookiee makeup, bro.
Because forcing them into having an even larger gap on their resumes is justified, nobody deserves a chance in life for taking my 50 cents in skins!
now to find that will to continue it for a month and a half..... omg I can already feel part of my soul being chipped off every time I do a run QAQ
Hey, it's still possible.
Unable to tell if that should have a
oh yeah, being punched in the face totally has the same impact as having a dick forcibly rammed into my ass, that sounds reasonable.
Ban keywords such as "cat", "Tesla" and "Bill Nye".
Well, I guess I won't be getting them haha
Do you love alcohol and hate yourself?
ENTP
Shit I hate being so ugly that anything I do is weird.
But but but... my imaginary truths are equal to your scientific truths!
I'm ignorant, could you explain the hatred?
Daily WDYWT
Keeping kids away from my Netflix automatically would be fantastic.
Nah Future wraps, he just released an album with Drake.
Byron himself has a lot of manning up to do
Putlocker
Fired for what?
Cardiff Wales :)
Yeah, it sounds like you got catfished.
I don't remember anyone saying EnVy stomping TSM on Inferno was boring, but then again... EnVy =/= Fnatic.
Definitely have.
...smoking?
I'm running Windows
There are data centers in Santa Clara, CA and Prineville, OR as well with announced plans for data centers in Mesa, AZ; Ireland and Denmark.
It's like none of them have read each other's articles, so they all keep writing the same thing.
Yet it still makes sense
My vote is for Donald trump.
Mouth to ass?
Packers, duh
Obviously *moustache twirl*
Someone needs to Photoshop a mouthpiece into someone's hand instead of a lightsaber or something
Undertale!
Chibi Robo
These shaders are getting crazy.
the technology just isnt there
Wat.
Have to play Sussudio by Phil Collins in the lobby.
All liars are cretins.
Make gold chains for their gypsy population?
Do you know any sites that can hold codorecet optimal elections?
nope
I would LOVE nth of the month dailies.
Homeopathy.
Get the f**k out.
People like you give me hives.
Mostly it's that the rich have problems with empathy, which make them exceptionally dangerous to the rest of us.
For being by far the most powerful and privleged religious group in the US, Christians sure seem to get persecuted with astounding frequency
I have some old 96Kbit mp3 of the Back Street Boys I have been dying to listen too, does this sound better than my Beats?
ugh I couldn't do that job Just the thought makes me squirm.
Hm, that might count as grappling?
Gaitlyn?
Best TGT legendary by far is [[Mysterious Challenger]] It's so much better than other Legendaries because you can run 2
Because he didn't properly execute a four game suspension on Tom Brady and unfortunately it was overturned.
I do legit dislike them, but they've been a popular band to hate since Fergie jumped on.
Frig off rand...
Nu stii nimic, Nea Ion.
Yes, you are still responsible, but Murder is by definition premeditated, and if the stepfather's lawyer can adequately show that the stepfather didn't plan on shooting the boy (perhaps only planned on scaring him) then it could be written off as a crime of passion (manslaughter).
No, because a women "can't want sex" obviously.
Watch it.
Quiet lest we be labelled salty and shit sports for our observations that have actual concrete proof Manly and Toovey deserved that win and had no rub of the green in a game that had no consequence to the Sharks whatsoever
7th time listening right now.
well dang now it's forever on the internet so yeah, great job guy
Just go on a pvp world
Think that was Penn State...
How 'bout **you** take my upvote and go to hell
Nonono, what s/he's saying is that Christians are too good for THAT kind of sin, but everything else is all good
Ben Wyatt
All paths lead but to the grave So, focus on the journey, not the destination.
Yes but Harvard is well known breeding ground for turning non believers into good, "God-fearing" Christians...
The local fuel quality is bad because we're a 3rd world country and the market won't support more expensive, higher quality fuels.
I think I've had worse job interviews.
Yes, because everything that blizzard puts into their game has completely new mechanics!
Yeah I could just work with Iran now, thanks Obama
Concussed for sure.
Are you her white knight?
Listening to Moonman I see
What do that have to do with anything?
How does he know he's assaulting his wife if he can't even see it anymore.
Oh so you're in on it too huh?
That's exactly what a paid con shill would say
No, Switch.
my mommy said I was special when I licked my door
What an amazing coincidence!
It takes a long time for him to release the ball.
Flags.
I'll second Kerbal.
Well then, off I go to church!
Yo tambien gracias
gentoo ftw
yeeee, cause if he was he would be op
But, but, but, water disappears forever after it's used!
you don't get it it's **UNIQUE AND DIFFERENT**
It's aggressively costed though!
Justin Bieber
HAHA - When Helicopter Ben says "you have lost your economic mind" Laugh your fecking ass off.
Sure Wish I Finished Training
I love that guy but I had no idea he had chicken legs.
at -1 fps :)
TIL
I think it's a rather clever jab at inter-office politics.
Agree
THATS TOO LOGICAL
All the sources I have read say he was 83.
Yes but in 3 years Mutti Merkel will solve the refugee crisis!
Find a random object around the house and model it.
this
So everything on the internet is wrong.
Yeah, CNN's coverage is definitely what we should be up in arms about, not the ridiculous gun laws in this country that enabled this psychopath to easily kill all those people.
50% price hike for CL games this is horrible
Moon Mist and Better Made
Eh... It could be better, but I wouldn't call it crappy.
Source?
What is bad about the volume controls?
Hippie commie blasphemer!
It's not.
ya, its so stupid that the game cant get information from the steam cloud, when the cloud is down.
I approve.
I don't know much about drugs but I did watch Narcos so seeing as I should have a PhD in the subject by now I'll say your answer is correct.
Noooooo you don't say...
me: *taking a bunch of pills*
Yeah buddy, its the managers that are the problem.
Yeah Because they cant scratch over it with a rock or something.
it was and it shifted the momentum of the game (we were leading 16-10) and you guys ended up winning, and you caused us to lose 7 in a row thanks dogs :(
Yeah and hooters and dicks aren't named funny either, they are real stores and therefore can't be joked about
TIL apple seeds have cyanide
I dont know man, i about to hit 1337 on CKII but nothing like that seems to happend
But wait, this is all a scam and we demand Chris Roberts be fired!
SO NOTHING NEW.
Well at least the Russian military is known for it's care in limiting collateral damage.
Let's all pray for those children.
Yeah...they are exactly the same as the fucks in ISIS.
Welcome sir we require a small $2.50 fee in order to buy and properly use the $100 you're going to spend on DLC
As a fellow German I at least now know that the BND is not completely incompetent
tbh I just keep scrolling down on that so I can feel better than everyone else.
I think this is where I put the
Well, really Westeros has a lot more in common with 16th century England than 13th century England.
I thought the Inquisitors weren't force sensitive otherwise training them would be against the Rule of Two.
Well that kid's not going to be fucked up or anything...
Because rich people are in such a hurry to marry...
gamble on hell mode instead
Indeed, no historical context needed when judging the actions of the past.
Other than Bow Down...?
Nice analysis
yeah most oxygen is wasted too
correction, the software is for 8 months.
It's probably Almir...
Stop power scaling
Then you should use
5.0 attack speed = 5 attacks per second this isnt going to be broken at all
Hey, thanks for reminding me of that!
But, but.... Reddit is so liberal!
here i think you dropped this
Naw, we need to have tax payers pay for our real salvation, a bigass wooden ark.
Unless it's prescribed by a doctor.... Then it's alright.....
But ref, he was just UNLUCKYEEEEEEE
Fuck the water bill, we stay in apartments - 2 Chainz
Because criminals deserve to die.
Off topic forums
Dont tell me how to act while driving
This is more real than real life
Now i know why Janna AD jungle didn't work
Never been to the US huh...
Small Forward
Well, obviously the internet has more credibility than some loser who spent however many years of their life going to med school.
What's more ridiculous is the adults who are saying that the artists had it coming to them.
Are you being facetious?
Add some garlic too, garlic makes everything better.
Racist
As long as they not gay and Jewish too, it should be good.
Meanwhile no one even knows who governs austria.
Yeah I wish some random stranger on the internet would tell me he thought I was sexually attractive
Yeah right
Call of Duty
Are these real and can I purchase them somewhere?
I guess the only way you can get better than Cabanas is Cannabis... ...
Smoking is edgy as fuck dude, no question about it.
Queen - A Night At The Opera
How I am going to tp to lane now
Or 3-0, 3-1, 3-1, 3-0, 3-1, 3-1 :D
I don't know how my wife would be my best friend- don't they disapprove of same-sex friendships in the preexistence?
[](/rubyjuice)
Yeah, Riot is clearly lacking money.
Oh God no, who will ever take Italy's kicks now?
You forgot the
oh my god how can i go on living now i know about this what is life
Asian Tourism is huge.
Cut due to time restraints is the name of my documtary about the development of Fallout New Vegas
May Thalos, the one true God have mercy upon your poor deluded soul.
I trust banks blindly...especially citibank
Booyah
I recommend Super Mario Galaxy and Super Mario Galaxy 2.
And make it harder for ambulances and police to get where they're needed.
Well it's between 5 and 12 planets so you could actually only see the small number of 150,000 planets.
*Naaaaaaaaaaaah*
The same way that they introduced a harmless minigame like nmz and caused 6 hour afk guth training... Or like they time they removed random events to cause 6 hour splashing.... Yehp I am 100% sure that sailing wont bring any unintended game changing updates...
Can't tell if trolling or not...
She was a year older than the Prophet's wife, obviously she is an adult.
The crucible is no place for mercy
55fps for that cinematic experience
$500 for one, paint sure does cost a lot
I think we should adopt Ahmadinejad's idea and call it the Islamic gulf.
Fuck man, at least it is a blizzard game, I've accidentally purchased every hero in Dota
Change Bowser's d-air to something like Ike's, so it has some actual use.
That wasn't feedback, you were being an asshole.
oh the rust belt, how i love you
Yeah I'm sure not a single high-priced clothing item is made in any first world country right?
I'm unsure if watching Bojack Horseman makes me depressed or if being depressed makes me want to watch Bojack Horseman.
Being economically coerced into prostitution should be criminalized and the people who were economically coerced should go to prison
Needle holes from the 'roids
I guess I should have added the
Messi for 855k P/W incoming
Hes not retarted hes a roxstar
You seem reasonable and balanced, sure glad you have access to firearms
1st day one team next day 2nd team
Fuckin sexist pig
Damned commie!
You're hardcore nigga
No it hasn't, dickhead.
Right, because that was the first game to ever do this.
By that logic, let me know when you can use a Wii controller on an Xbox!
But aren't morals just a social construct with no objective basis?
Now I KNOW you're not a real American, as any true American would rather watch the Dallas Cowboys.
Plus $50 dollars.
How dare you jokingly tag your post NSFW!
you forgot the
This comment won the internet
Someone should make a movie about that.
I honestly didn't think you'd be clever enough to come up with such an astute observation.
I'm sooo sorry I asked a question on a subreddit about sailing.
he got a t shirt!
No, the scientist worship the devil and came up with that to make us further stray from god's lightbulb.
Yeah, because fans of division 1 teams who win BCS bowls aren't welcome here!
They would never do that!
Because all atheists are sadists!
UNEDUCATED APES!
*But the end product is greener, who cares about the manufacturing greenness of my car*
But it's ok because she's Laughing Out Loud!
Aw come on he wasn't even going to charge you for letting you draw him!
because we all know guns are impervious to ware and tare and automatically destroy themselves every time safety updates are made
shut the fuck up faggot, DIS ARMED that means no arms
Then you get to face the Royals in a 5 game series, so much better!
Might as well let him kill some innocent people first
But chat ruins games.
If only the cameraman was carrying a gun this could have been prevented...
yes, only the criminals should have guns.
I mean, beetle kill isn't THAT bad it makes all those pretty red trees
This is a Christian nation, we don't care about those dirty Muslims being killed by Isis.
Campaigns are terrible times to discuss your vision for the future.
Because gender matters that much
Those cowardly men, who gave them permission to die?
Oh god there goes his chances
Just wait a few days and some idiot sells it at ebay
Yes, Disney controlling Mickey Mouse is the same as the wheel, and you should have access to Mickey Mouse because it's stifling your development since you can't use that character.
just like any gamer would sit comfortably for hours on end
Reading is for plebs
The middle man was of mixed race.....
If she's going to be a firefighter, she needs to be able to do any firefighting job that might be delegated to her.
Man, get outta here with your math!
Mmm, gourmet.
Like Roman Reigns?
it's times like this when I want to learn to speak/listen to Japanese
You use the red one to neutralize the substance and the blue one for the rinse
Yeah, if it was a shearer in a wife-beater sucking down VB while sitting on the tailgate of a ute as his blue heeler looked on then *that* would be an exact representation of all Australians.
Ekko is the codename for the replay system obviously
Surprising, given such information's nearly universal usefulness in day to day life!
That's okay, we understand that men are filthy pigs and you're surprised that you found one that genuinely wanted to help you without expecting you to let him stick his dick in you as thanks.
Lol just be lucky amirite nubz?
Passing with a 93% or higher in all classes is how.
Not yet, but it's on the (rather long) list!
Just remember, if you're in a court with a flag that has gold trim its an admiralty court.
Had to comment my love of your flair, I'm living on that same corner.
I guess not every one of the 7 million people playing have an identical opinion, who'da thunk it....
I blame homosexuals
So zooma
'Everyone else is wrong except me' - Ward
I feel the same way about the Terminator.
It's just a "soft launch"
He can be the first
Yeah, I noticed after I'd already posted that I spelled it with W instead of V, can't change it now /derp
LEM+
Tell me again how bad cops are rarer than a unicorn.
Use the fork, Luke.
Review?
but i need it
HOLY GRAIL Kreygasm
Or are you talking about Fattybatman?
YES YES YES YES and YES
Here's to another cartoon theme song being stuck in my head for a week.
That charger sucks, he doesn't have all damage up gear!
Hopefully you can live in Paris and those who wish to be in the U.S can choose to live there, so each can exercise freedom of choice.
That has got to be the ugliest car i have ever seen.
Thanks, fixed it.
You did nothing to refute what I wrote
You saw his previous pic before it was deleted didn't you... It's okay, OP, everyone makes mistakes...
Because it's shit no matter which way you look at it..
Which is why the CIA gave him cancer.
Like ~1... But my win ratio is a 10.5 ;D (I do A LOOOT of CTF, and I mostly just run flags.. And I daresay I'm pretty decent at it)
I'm glad you enjoyed it :)
Whoops this happened to me earlier so I called him a hacker as that's the only time Iv seen it since auto aim bots on cs source.
Well, the AUG is in Tactics, but that's not really a traditional Fallout game, if you can use two games as basis for tradition
Hope you did it at 445
Uberdanger commented : LMAO
Lol ok- Anyone else want to say anything to OP?
wrong sub
Sorry everybody doesn't have the same intellect and maturity you have in regards to humor
Happen to me, a direct smoke nade impact did 4 damage.
Most people in the developed world haven't had that for a few generations now.
are you bill burr?
What are you going to explore with 55 gallons of cheap lube?
Move to Nebraska
flair, guessing chiefs fan tho
That's great and all but it far beyond realistically achievable for many of us.
me too thanks
Sounds like you don't have a black friend after all.
I should have specified I'm looking for a widget, sorry.
here we go again
When it's a rich person it's abuse, any of us it's rape.
Wait, wait, ..... Digital killed the Analog star
I'd be negotiating for a 10% discount and a receipt each month...otherwise whats in it for you to do it?
so glad there removing these shitty ten commandments thing
Texas is flat with a thrown in decent size hill every once in a while on 1-35 W between Ft Worth and Denton.
yesss i been waiting for this since after MSI.
Rofellos is mah nigga
Wow nice fucking trilby
'#chubby '#haes '#biggirls '#size22
Well makeup only has 1 purpose
They also have stolen humvees and weapons.. What does this prove?
**_WELL MY DAD ONCE FUCKED A HORSE CLEAN IN TWO!_**
PC Museum Curatorbro
Yeah, but EU was released almost a year after NA...
Well they pay him, so yeah.
I have one but can't stand it
Grats!
Tokyo Ghoul Jail anime then
Yeah man, your body has to always have something to use for energy.
If you cannot lose with a team name starting with a "W" first game will tear a hole in the space-time continuum.
Very thundergun
It is your duty to only work what you are paid for...if you're dumb enough to work extra for free....derp.
Whoever smelt it dealt it.
let's be honest we were all DMG before the waves lmao
Africa left the planet in fear of Russian invasion.
We should wait until a Muslim attack kills a few thousand Americans before temporarily stopping those refugees or immigrants from coming here.
I find that I can do fine with just a P250, and if we really are on eco, that extra flash is very useful sometimes, as I can get a quick pop, grab a gun, and flee.
It's sort of sad that this banker claims to be the leader of an anti-establishment party when you can't really get much closer to the establishment than being a city trader.
Or the signal setup in PacStandard or you could take two jet skis and a dinghy in from the bay into the biker camp during Series A.
he's taken, sorry
Donning scuba like gear and going into a cistern to film girls going to the bathroom isn't a normal SoL thing?
No it's a drug first you just want a road then you want a fucking bridge next you'll want a fucking public Hyperloop and a transport 'grid'.
you know a site that sell them?
wot
Only the females stink.
None of those where really cheaper use camel camel Amazon did the ol mark up mark down trick
He's turning into a glorious machine for the advancement of America into the fourth Reich.
My employer pays H1Bs and domestic employees the same wage.
Like mercury in the fish food chain
Anal
Reminds me a bit of Cabin in the Woods
Only if you don't praise Jibbus!
If you're not cheating, you're not trying.
Don't worry about, if you're not a fan of a contender you're not allowed to talk shit
And so is the Ganges I was just making a point, badly I guess.
Hornet/ghost, what's the difference?
Maybe some physicists can clarify but I would think that if the soul had weight, that means it has mass and therefore could not travel to heaven (wherever that is) faster than the speed of light.
Exactly...
Tough call, it's notable though that Vegas has a 51.5 O/U for the TB-NO game (highest of the week).
**TRIGGERED**
Because Littlefinger would NEVER lie to Cersei...
Basically adds protection for a student like me, to to go to the administration and say "I am being bullied/discriminated against" and something will actually happen.
Maybe I have bad taste, but I've enjoyed his work since he debuted on the show.
Yes.. Yes you are.
ye.. this is was i am trying to say... Talismans ARE another typ of Amulet and ppl here suggested you should use them just like amulets.
An actual answer, thank you.
Amen, brother.
The teacher's union already started preparing a strike... What a waste... Well, I guess since it's already prepared it has to still happen you know
Did anyone threw money at the projector screen?
I've got one for this Halloween and one for the last day of year 2.
nice i have the same monitor
#Jesus #Christ #that #font #ate #my #soul.
I set mine to chassis only, as I actually prefer the linear response of the non-sport modes.
Her dad surely helped this.
The ship is a beast in the right hands.
It's 100% not something anyone should care about.
You're gonna see some serious shit.
Hmm TIL
Huehuehue
Actually, it only took One using the PC emulator
sad day.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA LMAO LOL
He should do just great in prison then..
Lol yeah this community is getting so much worse than it used to be
I dont believe you can since they are considered different OS's as far as the keys are concerned.
In his defense, season 1 *was* really good.
I'm black, I'm not black and i hate this question.
not with that attitude
Upgrade to Linux
Because football sounds so badass
#doesn't talk; must be bot
Be born a black male in the United States and get caught driving a car one day by a police officer
I've been through more shit in my life at this point than most people have by the time they're 35, but you're right, clearly I'm too young and stupid to know something as mysterious and elusive as myself and my own issues.
D:
He's first in the NFC east!
You know, even though he advised against it, I can't help but be angry as hell at the ladies.
I collect moon sapphires, if I get enough I plan to open the Gate of Karrash
Fantastic block by Lucas.
I'm pretty sure Allison is in a better shape right now that she would be after riding 500km on Polish roads in the boot.
Did you have a stroke mid sentence?
Silver 2.
His car is basically probable cause.
No Muslims allowed!
By rectal administration it is
Car drivers should have these, since they're paying road tax and stuffs.
Sounds like an interesting alternate history setting, to be honest.
Where did you order it from?
That show is still on?
better than no food!
Health issues could probably be addressed with the tax revenue generated as well as carrying out actual neutral research etc.
Never seen a LED or CFL bulb fail due to filament failure.
Man that freaken who the hell knows sounds really powerful
Being able to parry a stun is weak AF
The slam cap is just shorter with a chuff style opening right?
She's pretty hot, for an older woman.
That's probably why he never touches the stuff.
After all, Barack ***HUSSEIN*** Obama is an atheist Muslim weak-strategist faked-own-birth-announcements Communist Dictator who is simultaneously going to take our guns and get nothing done!
As long as it is not Indy!
It's a good thing the government is using their resources to target someone who actually needs the benefits as opposed to those that are truly ripping it off.
you just triggered me
POG life is the life for meeeeeeeeeeeeee.
You'd think that the team playing for the entire New England region would have further secondary markets than Woostah
right: to hell with the corrupt politicians paid by the corrupt plutocrats let's just embrace the actual corrupt plutocrats
My thinking is Loki might have planned to kill Selvig, but Black Widow just got there while he was busy with other stuff.
WOW I REALLY LIKE BALLOON MUSCLES s000000000 h0000000000000t
0/10
Yeah jeez it sure is looking like a loss right now
More people with guns are needed see, maybe if the daughter had a gun she could have defended herself.
yaaaaaaaay.
I think the best marriages come from an ultimatum.
the operations sure help, because they reward extra XP, but no, you dont have to buy anything
Jewish here, Jewish there, Jewish, padla, everywhere!
Try Too Cool by Duff Brenna, its about a bunch of kids that do bad stuff, and eventually end up in a situation worse than they thought theyd ever get in.
I do not consider winged species to be common, not right now at least.
buy a meta deck
Truly, it is a nectar that flows from the bosom of Swoleheim.
Deep Space Nine?
I think itd be cool if drybear casted a game at Worlds
That was a PERFECT way to spend 50$.
I feel bad for the sister in this whole thing.
I don't remember that episode of House.
Dude... the teacher would be dropping her dress at that point.
Trust, there's a file in some executives desk that details a plan for rolling out paid online multiplayer across all PC games.
How can she slap!?!?
Japan cocos is better cocos
Is that boat a default map?
Sorry if I'm being rude but I don't think the scammers are going to listen to you.
Oh we're guaranteed to get fury.
Seems like everything is going just as expected 325 people for Lithuania one day and another 2146 another day :) looks like they are "solving" this issue really well :O
I hope you're not talking smack about the dignified Butter Tart eh?
but what about the karma?
Come As You Are is a whole step down.
Shhh, facts don't belong here.
He actually meant no CrossFit
Hitler only had one testicle so it was a demimerit.
reddit, google, youtube, wikipedia, gmail, democracynow, feralaudio, yahoo sports, imdb
Fantasy: Hideo Itami Expected: Dean Ambrose or Tyler Breeze Wildcard: Daniel Bryan or Sami Zayn
Somewhere in the mountains, a ram weeps.
Source on the wallpaper?
But what if the rain makes it hard for Antonio Brown?
Own it.
Good luck with everything :-)
Psh, when has the lifegain on that ever been relevant?
hello my fellow filipino
I prefer the sound of big band jazz, the taste of single malt scotch and the scent of the finest cigar when I watch frag vids.
Found the Waldo finder
Did you hear mage then not switch?
Everything is jagged, it's watercolor-y.
Terrorist...
I'd spin it out if I saw it on a freeway...
Or DD 800hp would-be intense
What are you basing the induction on?
Because no one ever gets laid off and HAS to take whatever job they can
Well, good for you, son.
Praise be.
I would totally buy a Gold Failstorm.
\#BelieveInFloro
Aaaand now you're on a list.
Howtobasic must love this album.
Toronto Media: Phil Kessel and why black isn't as slimming as you thought
I get it that the crisis is bad, but damn, are they really that desperate?
You work in a place that is completely foreign to me (I am a diabetic(its funny I promise)).
I'm not your me too, thanks.
Coutinho?
What were you thinking, bringing a *book* to school?
Spending thousands of Arizona taxpayer's money to ~~give his deputies a nice Hawaiian vacation~~ find Obama's *real* birth certificate.
Actually i'm plat, I'm just used to it at this point.
Looks like a good clean rebuild, nice work partner!
Maybe you should stop taking pictures of people enjoying the display?
Didn't see that coming.
That's why we get into psychology -- we're all sick ha ha
nothing much, he's just upholding Godwin's law.
Wrong sub my friend.
This is the most reasonable thing I've read today
Yeah he has such a track record of not following through on his grandiose plans.
was
he's in college, not 16
FU-llscreen FU-nimation The can't be just a coincidence and wild speculation
Yes because Sanders invented the platform.
its true though you shouldnt have to use the game mechanics to play the game.
Guess Gumi's gonna start selling cigarettes now
Violence against a women is a good solution if a man disapproves of her behavior.
Jimmy graham went back to playing Basketball?
And here I was, all worried that I wasn't going to sleep that easy tonight.....
Shh, you're ruining the circlejerk
A sure sign chip and pin is working!
*That* definitely gives their words more legitimate weight.
No but you've been preaching the power of Lootcifer on reddit before :).
So are we ruling out that Williams didn't lay the bag in the bath tub, lock himself in it and then kill himself?...I'm still not sold on the matter.
So, we're guilty of Catalonia's problems, we steal from them, we're fascists, racists and of course can't complain when we're insulted.
Oh yeah i forgot, having a champ that has like 3000hp and still blows people in 2 seconds is not hard to deal with
Yes, let's move complex parsing and error checking from compile-time to runtime, what a wonderful idea.
it's ok, it's 4k NA
Why do that when you can just censor discussion?
So, where is this letter?
Well we could put the children to work building and maintaining them instead.
Yeah that guy was such a good comedian.
Ahem its gum gum fruit here in America.
Dysprosium and Terbium would like a word.
That's why the bible belt is doing so much better than the rest of the country...
Yeah I like how they came up with some random song and claim it's the CS:GO theme like it doesn't even have one
Because shut the fuck up, thats why!
you missed the
Finally someone who understands our plight!
I just left my 2 year contract with bell a week ago.
Gotta get that sick KD bro.
Fuck you!
Yep, and if you stay on a prayer mat for too long you'll turn into Aladdin.
if there was free trade you could and we'd all benefit!
That's how I'm approaching it...
Do you have any ambitions of having kids of your own someday?
Yeah, since poor people haven't gotten any of the benefits of newer tech
You mean the guy who gave all those kids autism?
Well, then rapists are wrongly jailed D:
WE'LL SHOW TO YOUR CIV THE MEANING OF THE WORD "SALTY"
I'm gullible because I won't believe you?
Props to this guy for protecting her from years of all the emotional ups and downs of normal teenage relationships.
Well I'm glad he got his gear back, back but that's fucked that they made him pay for it!
So the Pope hates Jesus?
because you can't change any of that information like your MAC address
Report it to Elections Canada and local news.
What the **fuck** is a "regular daily schedule"?
GTA is too violent for your age
Can't hear you over my Obamacare!
You could say it means that man hasn't changed much since we first got here, even though we've advanced our technology.
They elected all the minorities (whites being a minority at the school) therefor it's as diverse as it gets!
#unskewthepolls
You forgot the
I'm sure this has to be Notley or Trudeau's fault.
TU VIEJO ES LA DICTADURAAAAAAAAAHAAHAHAHA
We are just sliding by on our reputation...........
The world will end.
Well, unless you're at one of the tracks like the Sonoma Raceway, which are notorious for drawing large crowds.
Nah he's too old and can't do his coverage right
Hurr durr framerate doesn't matter
Nhamlet, 32 hunter
But can it play other songs?
Did you know that Bernie Sanders pre-ordered Fallout 4?
Hilarious
Cant be stealth, I can still see the tank
It's a cool shape but those curves aren't naturally sustainable
Well I'm sure as soon as millennial's start finding job's where they make enough money that they have to pay taxes their politics will change.
It is, also Jennifer Lawrence is horrendously underpaid.
Is Landry Jones droppable now?
Well, God works in mysterious ways son
No Duffman for best caster?
Yeah blame the everyday german for Merkel going completely insane.Yeah everyone could have predicted that.
That's okay.
Like Geo TV?
GREAT NOW YOU'RE STALKING ME HERE TOO YOU HACK FRAUD
It is jews all the way down
Thx voor t linken maar de source ipv freebooters
Couch jumping is allowed in my house.
Did you then explain that's why democracy doesn't work and then burn the letter to help overthrow the system?
Wow SJWs generally hate evolutionary biology and psychology, too, because it involves what they refer to as "biotruths" which they see as threatening to their ideology.
any indie game not on a nintendo system
All I could think was "What if the chicken was alive", and then it became very disturbing.
the final boss for both routes is an Elise + Sakura conjoined twin
Clearly if we slow down cars then we must suffer too
Yea they should rename the game to Hooker 3 Wild Fuck, that solely focus on in game computer generated sex with their waifus that pleases all the basement dwellers.
Oh I'm sorry, didn't know you knew the guy that made this illustration and how much of a homophobe he is.
Sorry, I dropped one of these.
You could even just use your dropper bottle as a nasal spray for direct treatment.
HOW DARE SHE TRY AND GET A PIECE OF MEMORABILIA FOR HER CHILD TO CHERISH
And you could have prevented it by typing
You poor thing, having to see this desolate view all the time.
Isn't that a quote by Jareth the Goblin King from Labyrinth?
Both sisters of my one best friend
There are no threads about this at all...
Yea all the ones that don't use sound equipment.
that's not a strawman, not at all
Believe he prefers "socialist capitalist" or something like that.
Racist not all busty Asians look alike.
But dude, it was really expensive and you just made him waste it all.
Unfortunately
Found Bobsplosion's alt.
Thank God the right of business people to sell pictures of children being raped is going to be protected.
Thanks I totally didn't know that.
Because we paid him before he did!
Watch out, that might end up being a real thing....
Not sure about the worst, but birdemic was the best movie i ever watched
Tell her to squat heavy 4-5 days a week.
Ugh but that'd be effort.
Comic Con reel shows it to be Zoom.
I actually saw them so all of you fake bunny believers deserve death
wow that's so edgy and original and hilarious
I did it too, lack of internet right after learning about jacking.
Didn't have to turn a profit to be one of the best and longest lasting franchises ever!
Yeah but you didn't know that any sort of criminal activity committed by a Palestinian should be tolerated by everyone?
Pshh antivirus is so useless these days...
I smell a need for "Toxic Player" Pools...
Thanks!
-dxlevel 81 in launch options is what I meant, sorry if that was misleading.
I thought the BBC fired Clarkson, not put him behind glass...
Because most of the time they're not on the internet, they're on Wi-Fi!
I'm gonna take a wild guess that your favorite N is Shizuku, isn't it
I should have added
TIL you can't dislike a person for being an asshole if he's good at his job.
Yep, I'm invested in many varieties of tulips!
HEY EVERYONE HE SCREWED UP BECAUSE HE'S IN LOVE!
I don't think mine came with one
Obvs its platformer, it's 2D and all those old characters from when fighting games wasn't a thing
That's exactly what I thought as soon as I saw that lineup.
You saying Lincoln Park trixies can't rap?
Sorry, I edited my post to include that info.
Dave Gunnarsson's face all over it with lens flares and glitter everywhere because he's the greatest artist of all time and the "cradle of creativity"
Can't be racists to whites.
That's why we skipperino the kripperino to watcherino the salterino, right guys
But womyn need more help and support because they have vaginas
Which there are none of
Bees are so stupid, no wonder their dying, I bet they all get autism.
How romantic!
It's still floating...
Didn't you know Japan is like the poorest country in the world?
well cat my dogs but this is very fnafb related
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
Man don't even get me started on 2012...
Frontier gives ship names Players riot at lack of font options
Pfft, how could we even steal something they don't own.
I think you have to blame that homeless guy, not the "football people" you mention.
Hurr hurr she must be an sjw amirite?
I'm pretty sure those Pentium 1's didn't support PCIe... Or is AMD still making AGP cards.
but guise teh gaem ist on BETA!
Nobody cares
what if we're in Wales?
aren't we all friendless neckbeards?
Don't you see the amazing value of a 4/4 for 6 that gives your opponent a mana crystal with a deathrattle that summons it again as a 1/1?
western propaganda
What, these people are only improving race relations.
Goddamn thug culture.
yeah remilia really showed how bad she was a thresh tonight.
Drake is such an underdog
But seriously, are Nazism, Facism and Axis symbols banned in India ?
maybe it runs on inaccurate in-game ticks like every other counter in the game
Hey, let's make an app 1.2B people per month will use, and will generate almost 4B in revenue every 3 months and NOT protect the binary from reverse engineering!
No, he is bigger than me, he is clearly on steroids or has better genetics than me.
Please be a British one!
but nu disco was added when televisor was p much the only artist to make it.
Jackie has so much ice in her drink.
Toronto FC should go for that Defoe guy... seems pretty decent
Yeah, somebody better do something about those Christian radicals running around beheading people.
But then they wouldn't get link karma...
You must be OP because you seem to understand exactly how his metabolism works.
That O looks like an I
yea there is totally a way going on in the Balkans just they all forgot to tell us
I don't know why you would bother posting this, the guy *clearly* stated that he's not a super creep
brb going to buy an xbox
That's real convenient on my phone.
Username checks out.
YOU'RE JUST TOO DUMB TO GET IT!
Damn..i sure do miss those widgets
Tamos a jogar bem...
I'm sure people will be flocking to say yes.
I'm glad that The Onion is better than our serious journalism.
Your confusing that one with Reynosa
if only there were some sort of lens that could be mounted on the face rather than the eye...
or just do how every smart player does and use martingale
No, she really thinks there's 8 days in a week.
You don't understand, the minis are the game!
But you don't know that he *didn't* cheat in those 2 superbowls!
double tap square then triangle
He is just making everyone's live better
can't overdraw if they concede first
I don't know if it's the Comic Sans, but man, I really think I should listen to this advice.
That's racist!
Sure, but that's not %, like its stated in the header.
Well there might be something more to it if you look at the most recent release
lol, because victims of US mass murder are killed by lethal injection
But those plants were totally tortured.
i have never seen this match before in my LIFE
hey at least the cops spared the suspects' lives
But petrol and diesel are liquids
Blasphemies, everyone knows the Aryan are the supreme race
I was going to link to the original article and make a comment about how there isnt a box for gender but someone already did it for me
I can't wait to see Jason Lee be funny again, I've really missed it.
Pry these robots out of my cold dead hands, I dare you - David Cameron
I saw her name in the credits and was so excited...nope, immediately disappointed.
in short, you were a teenager and now you are not.^^
I thought *any* t-shirt looks cute on most women.
He read to this comment and was upset, but that comment pissed him off.
And that's when we should let them strike and find alternative solutions until they remember who they are supposed to work for.
Barnes will test free agency and see what else he can get
Like me
Yeah, man, they're totally forcing you to buy that smartphone, you little victim you...
I would refer to that hybrid as a cyborgi
She did apply to leave him for a month over the holidays...
wtf did I just watch?
Taller than one world trade center.
Longer than the amount of footage taped for the doc
Usually dope or darts
For you
- Straps - Nike Romaleo's - Fitbit All in all, pretty good Christmas.
googled bear hump and now I'm into some new porno categories
nice content, thanks!
Why do I get the feeling that someone was probably murdered on that mattress?
Nice try Chris Hanson......
And DEEZ NUTS
But you could have pointed him out.
How could those goddamn filthy foreigners help elect such racist bastards?
DAE EMPTY STATS?
Smartphone died.
Commissioned an artist* Not "had an artist commission"
Probably not.
Boooo
I've seen pictures of my nanny and I as a baby, that ass
Girlfriend/mom or boyfriend/dad.
Hip drive is inextricably linked to knee lift and consequently helps generating knee drive..
Why was Jay Rosehill 's number on everyone's jerseys tonight
Found the autist
The zioshills.
Now why would a dog need to assert dominance over a comic?
No I really don't.
Although Chimane Diaz is (several years) older than Cameron Diaz, I think they could quite likely pass as twins.
.....before that....
But vaccinations never improved anyone's body image or self-esteem!
Battle of the butts.
Most of the Jews I know *are* far left Democrats....
So make a post to clog up the subreddit more....idiot
Couldn't find a source with Saucenao.
*ahem* (to add) Stalin was a peaceful guy
no.
Because they want your business?
He set up a forum instead for comments on his videos, just to filter out the bullshit.
Speaking of clueless staff about where to find water, I just asked the med staff and they were extremely informative and let me know all the options I had for where I was heading.
If you flip like everyone else it won't be more than a day or two...
I pushed it when I still wasn't sure of the ramifications ...its now my greatest regret
Hitler was bad, but he's no Lil B.
I work for a local company that operates out of Utah, we also have contracts to build for a couple online retailers.
So, there is at least one good reason to be overweight?
Enjoy Hell.
And yet btc-e still chugs along.
*raises hand*
I expected Allahu Akbar, but that wouldn't have been as funny.
But he's from WALL STREET.
I'd guess she is *salty* because Steven didn't come back to save her.
What does this one break?
Can confirm: Live there.
Military intervention, drone strikes, unfettered corruption... Yeah...
*Cute in everything.
I think that was the Falmer.
Don't forget how filthy rich Oprah is!
Of course it is, look at the red/white livery with Marlboro on it.
Bad troll attempt.
And lesbians and fat women
lol and still a bigger prize pool then LCS those 5 guys got some cash at lest......
The hype is real
Kinda sounds like they both did
Yes.
With the exp share on does the whole team get the ev points?
So how bout that suspension update?
Simeon panda.
I love infantry only, that way I can wreck kids who aren't vehicle whores.
What were you also considering/what made you choose the sssssstang over the others?
I wonder if triple boot would work if done right
and don't forget sticking gum under the chair.
Michael bay directing world of tanks
sounds as legit as anything i've heard thanks gabe.
I don't think we will se a sequel of CS:GO, But maybe they'll port it on Source 2 with new hatboxes and such
Our reaction exactly.
*allowed
About as much as we all need another hole in our faces...
I think he might be gay
TRP teaches men to do that **and** much more, **all** of which is useful for attracting women.
I came in like a rainbow!
Not feminist, you're thinking of a tumblrina.
because these posts are very strong.
But like, it was that modern medicine and western civilisation that created the diagnosiese.
&lt;3
Thanks, but I'll personally decide what to do with my money.
Some daaaaaays you got oooout in the raiiiiiiiiiin, some daaaaaaays you feeeeed on some caaaaaaaaaa-aa-aa-aaaaaake.
Or rude.
it's hard to detect sarcasm on reddit/online use
What about a grapefruit though?
But.. AK has assault rifles aswell
Jacob Wilson because he's Jacob Wilson.
fuck, but if I go chinese sites people would think Im slacking off PS: I am slacking off
If there's not bedrock you can make it a floating island with controlled in and out via bridge and nether.
Congratulations Ragen - deciding on a name for your bike is one of the biggest challenges an Ironman competitor will ever face.
Sums it up.
I've seen it mentioned that the canon volunteer may be Annette Durand, which sounds rather believable.
depends on your aim...
She's still awesome but she lives in a different country now.
No items, Final Destination
damn son.
Or if the cooling systems are closed-looped or not.
The comment that's late, asks for gold but gets downvoted instead.
alright, but just don't wake me.
Sonic Daesh
But she is the victim the 14 year old boy knew exactly what he was doing
Go Snap go, I know you can hit 70
How long until Seymour Hersh claims the official story is a lie?
That would be baller but it's probably more.
Dude, she's got issues
IPv4 for life!
You can get mechanical keyboards for far less than $200.
Captain Falcon moves his mouth when he does his taunts.
oh no the illuminati is controlling the water to send more troops for the 1984 big brother invasion.
Maybe they get off on making you seem dumber?
How stupid....there's only like A LOT of parking spaces at the mall....-.- Maybe could've parked closer to where they were filming lol Or parked properly at Home Depot.
Congrats for dodging the bullet.
Totally
Oh no, I am sure having 5 completely identical threads on the front page is the most reasonable solution.
So is weed the only reason Michael Sam isn't on a roster?
No he's white.
Laravel is BET... Which one is VH1?
Yep, what Australia needs more than anything else is smarter politicing.
Hormones during menstruation can affect their size to a degree as well as weight gain and loss.
Very helpful!
90s confirmed.
so no roadmap = devs sitting around playing cards?
sounds like a projection to me
Any predictions that we could test to prove (falsify) this model?
Is that there a dick pissin'?
Taxes could otherwise go to something worthwhile
Wow dude put the pipe down, I have nfi what you're talking about.
gg
It's okay we have ranks now since everything has been sorted out
Dont worry, Teddy Bridgewatter is coming to the Toronto Argos first
This is male privledge, shitlord.
man that's a sad story, I really enjoyed the Cybertron series and deadpool was a fun game.
Women are the main casualties of war, so...
Please no.
Shut it faggot
Well, mine, obviously.
Seriously, I got high a couple times and played with headphones on, heart attack material.
Better than wolfjob.
Honestly, what goes through people's heads when they think it's a good idea to share stuff like this?
Having no coul whine is great and all, but do you have coil whine?
You should be ashamed that your government works
He was okay.
Yeah fuck exploring safely!
I hope you guys stay healthy next year, you're a fun team to watch.
Was Lefty still a host when PKN was started or did he leave before then?
But it's heritage not hate!
Eww
Pity they never made a second one.
Post says use paint; you're cheating
Too much
Definitely a Toyota.
Not even competently, I should add: despite his daring as a commander, he displayed a complete lack of subtlety required for starting a post war nazi resistance
Searched google for an "abort" gif... Do not search google for "abort" gif
Good stuff, it's definitely going to stop the Republicans from trying to take it down.
I was pretty sure gay marriage was mandatory now
Its been like this for a long time
Add VibeRater
I remember dolan claiming he would match any offer and then didn't.
No the forced credit, which even the Nazi regime made an initial interest payment on , which was never repaid.
That is why we have such a stagnant software and hardware industry, especially smartphones with no innovation happening
Can we talk about the crazy possibilities this is going to open up with [Phage the Untouchable]?
No it obviously is the worst thing that has ever happened to reddit, ever.
yeah, and while we're at it lets get rid of posts about movies cause i dont watch movies
Rusty steel, soft hardware, too heavy, stupid absence of cutout for spyderhole.^^this ^^is ^^one ^^of ^^my ^^favorite ^^knives
Yeah, totally.
*bream
Who controls this court that can tell Ahrar al fucking sham to hand over their weapons to some local guys?
But that's Communism!
Troy Hambrick
This happened.
It was alright, but it didn't make me weak in the knees
Don't forget that all Japanese voice acting is perfect in every way and English voice acting can never possibly be anything other than a grievous insult to the world.
Yes, ignoring an issue is the best way to make it go away
I'm going for burgundy, see you on the other side
What a nice question to ask
yeah it seems way too powerful for 20k credits.That's the base cost of 2 suits of powered armor, yet if the description is to be beleived it contains 6 powered armors, 6 laser rifles, 6 plasma projectors, etc.
Hmm, can you control a Samsung tank with an S4 like you can a Samsung TV?
I wouldn't say beer is *healthy*
because _ "might surprise you."
umm the SPLC is just an SJW front group uggh
People need better educations so that they KNOW that Christian extremists have been behind terrorism, torture, murders, famines and wars.
it might be any time between now and the next money in the bank PPV my sources **INSIDE WWE** tell me
But all those successes in Europe can't be applied to the US because it's so big and spread out.
be okay with bailing me out of jail on Tuesday then helping me get to work on time.
I know I certainly swooned.
If the last coordinate put you at Lake Lochness... Make sure you bring $3.50.
It's an M4A1/M4A4.
Wait, are you saying you want ideas for what THEY should do on their stream, because you will pay them to do it?
Well TBH riot has no legal ground to tell anyone to stop considering they have a blanket policy that specifically allows it.
He forgot the
I want hiatus to be finished ASAP but would be happy for HxH to continue forever if it went back to being a regular release, even monthly or bimonthly would be great.
Everyone knows that supply and demand works for every kind of economic scarcity except for water, freeway space and parking.
Indeed: China, India, South Africa - who the hell cares about those irrelevant punks?
lol shut up nigger
You mean the impi rush?
Since at that point 99% of your damage is coming from the tap damage based on total DPS skill, it does effectively give your main hero 10x damage.
Ye razer have outstanding customer service
Because they've been there long enough that they're now part of OSRS
That same training at the Academy 12 years ago gives them the skill set they need to pursue at high speeds too!
I'm sure the majority of the Canadian population has a thorough understanding of the region's history, including the military operations of the past several decades.
Funny theres no way asians can learn english and speak normally as a second language.
Duh obviously all the male "victims" will call in and the female victims won't be able to get though
They'll never see their gains coming!
But Path of Exile is already out!
A woman with real curves who is healthy at every size and checking privilege as much as she checks into McBeetus!
Well, I hope you're good at sucking dick..
Racist.
They blow out of pickup trucks when idiots don't strap them down.
Because teaching kids to read would just be encouraging them to get on boats again.
Not really, it allows the whole team to end up on top of the buildings playing as recon and not capping the objectives.
Who woulda thought that Windows 8 would be the primary OS used in hell?
Shockers!
Forgot the
Yes, let's hate an entire group of people for the doings of a subset of said people, that will solve everything!
Blocking up vents is absolutely the first thing you should do with any console that has vents, the holes were only put there to save on plastic costs...
Yea you were supposed to sit him out for 4 years!
Go away, Mazer, we don't want you here
Bbbbutt the roads need to be separated to prevent scuffles.
Yea cause its the jew books
The invis is starting to be more helpful then warlock's self res.
Noooooooo, the guy is a journalist for a respected newspaper I think he can effectively communicate numbers...
If 13 people tell the same lie, it becomes the truth.
You can't use warriors though.
But then I can't do what I want, I should be able to do everything I want and they shouldn't be able to stop me...
This is the first time in my life I've wanted to own an Apple product... it feels weird.
fuckherrightinthepussy
I'm a purple now
10thPlanet trumps both you closed minded traditionalists
Am I the only one around here who things gays will destroy the sanctity of marriage?
Yet if they can convince the greater fool and cash out, it will be of value to them...
So at their current rate of progress, an API should be available some time in 2018. :-P
Black Adam was resurrected in his villain's month issue.
Thank God there's Jeb out there, ready to shock and awe us with his Good Works.
Curious, would the RBN mods consider quoting Dante as a derailing comment?
30-40k is like 3 legendary items (in my experience)
Careful, mods might ban you for saying one platform is better
but, but according to THIS article there is NO way a low level publix employee could have done that
I saw at least three POHC so they are actually relatively diverse.
I'm trying to write a reply to you about the laughable notion that people in their 40s can't be tech savvy, but I can't figure out where to put the piece of paper in this typewriter-thingie attached to my computer.
WTF
russia, invade germany and remove cuck
what did you just say about best album ever made?
Yeah but who care about that because there is a riot so now all complaints are void
You actually have to listen to the story lol, not just nodding your head and saying "uh-huh" after every break.
Thank you for the reasonable explanation.
Go to hell
Obviously because they are really interested in fashion.
Are they hippies?
D-d-d-doctor, I-I-I can't feel my toes "Ah, weed 'l do that to ya"
I know that I'm late to this but would you mind sharing the new price for the Black Flag CE?
[What is that from?]
Source?
When who whats?
Why thank you :) Unicorn Collector...I'm gonna go with landlord and porn star ;)
I know this sub likes to shit on Landeskog and call him a dirty player but I don't care that was one clean monster hit!
I think I have once-I have had odd dreams after multi-hour Skyrim marathons!
I would like to see all the people on reddit who are drawing muslim figures draw holocaust cartoons too because you know, freedom of speech.
Because if there's one thing Pokemon prides itself on, it's practicality.
Eh, I kind of miss the Boller days
surely a nation that tortures people years after they've been proven innocent and then leaves them to rot is the most awesome thing in the world
Yeah man, you can't take into account an improved defense at the end of season when talking about play offs.
too bad we can't see the other girl's face.
Well in that case, she totally deserved it
Thank God Russia is saving Ukraine!
Yeah I'm sure I'll get tons of interaction replying to month old threads.
Bro, who cares...he's a photographer, a picture speaks a thousand words...
Sure do love that cheap gas though!
Best 8-5 team in history
They could have some rolled 80mm armor under there and just bolted spaced metal sheets there
Those damn government handouts enabling lazy farmers to mooch off of real, hardworking American's tax dollars!
You'll be 2 Seahawks-fansTM old
Yeah, I'm sure he told her upfront that he'd be sleeping with other women.
5 is even better.
But it's not "Lost" it's "lost"!
For sure, my best friend is convinced IE is better cause he thinks Google is evil.
I'm not saying I disagree completely, He is a young player and shouldn't have even made contact with him, but you see Schenn's skate catch the ice and cause him to go into the boards, not the contact.
Isn't it obvious?
But climate change don't real though.
They arent scarring them, theyre ***fixing*** them
*"NO BRAKEN SANG IN THE SECOND PART SO ITS HIM SINGING YOU ARE WRONG"*
hail welfare capitalism!
Wow, look how very very *very* sorry he is!
That's not how you spell Superman.
In fairness, OP was being bigoted about the man's foreign sounding name, not his nefarious habit of frequenting independent ladies of negotiable affection.
I am sure the R.E.I.A is going to be splashing that all over the front pages.
To relate of course!
Very bold statement my friend...
George Farmer
An efficient way to put 25% less alcohol into your drinks.
Luckily, desegregation occurred immediately, and there was no resistance, backlash, or violence.
Yeah, it may be political, but how dare UKIP score "political points" out of it!
WOMEN, amirite?
Disagree, I emotionally connected more to Mr Patel knowing where he was sleeping and he had a closet to put his suitcase into and nice covers to make sure he was warm.
This is TOTALLY not safe for work.
But don't you know they also want Abstinence Only sex ed so kids will never have sex outside of marriage so no AIDS
Well he can't lie on the internet.
He's rapin America though
So, Michael Phelps wasn't content with winning gold medals, was he?
Nah, not even remotly possible.
Obviously they stole Hun batz's model
I only upvoted your comment because person you commented on is bad at being a redditor.
Oh well, the human eye can only see 24fps anyways.
Hey man, lots of leftwing progunners out there
Travis County should just go ahead and secede from Texas.
Will be buried but mine is a girl I went to high school with refused to accept that giraffes were real...She put them in the same category as unicorns
Glad TMZ and their prestigious, ivestigative journalism cares so much about discovering the truth behind this Dez drama
Clearly the best CoD game.
CHRISTIANS ARE LITERALLY MURDERING SCIENCE AND THE WORLD YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH
Must be why the linked commenter received such high praise for saying that
That's not terrifying at all.
Apparently SRS has showed up.
I thought the 60D was discontinued?
I trust this guy.
Ryanair wasn't an option?
No no disabled kids are that way because god knew they were so righteous that they could handle the extra challenge.
Just as bad amirite?
you forgot the
Yes
Well I'm glad someone is going to step up and be the arbiter of normalcy, since classifications aren't arbitrary at all.
what a nice mutual "friend" to share such personal information about you with an angry butthurt immature ex
Cause immigrants and welfare recipients make *soooo* much money, they're just living easy
KennyS
Ya no excuses for those dirty peasants south of the border, they should just suck it up and move to the good old USA where they can have stable power and internet connections(East Coast excluded).
Uh... I don't think you have enough prisons to import that many criminals...
Was totally Titan and Epsilon's fault.
If this actually happened why isn't it mentioned in the bible?
Well, if Abraham hadn't had Ishmael in the first place, none of this would have happened.
No but come on.
Wow a lot of hate toward reddit in the replies, i might get my pitchfork back out from under my desk and sharpen it.
Okay now that her game has been greenlit, what can we do to drive her out of the industry?
Because PoC can't be racist
Gotta love Peel
What a witty and hilarious novelty account.
With a body kit I could see an Ariel Atom do it, but that's as much a car as it is a go kart as it is an f1 car.
Haven't you heard, the red states are sovereign nations.
And if you do have a busted light and get killed by a cop... Well you had it coming didn't ya?
On the bright side if you stop playing for a year all the PS exclusive stuff will seem like a free Expansion...
We don't play until tomorrow.
This was uploaded in October, which is after the announcement of Kingdom Hearts III.
She can *say* whatever she wants....
You have to be at least lvl34 with full exotics and a reforged Gjallahorn to do glass vault now.
The next time I see someone read a Chomsky book I will make sure to call them a Bin Laden wannabe in a mocking tone.
It's not like it's ever been done before!
They wouldn't do that, would they?
Or you can do it the faster way by vaccinating yourself
Well that and the Athenian Navy.
What can the mixed system do better than free trade?
They have it but out of stock
Maybe they should put Spinal Tap in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame there then!
Hell fucking yeah I would, should be the next thing on their list
I believe those would be the Killing Gloves of Boxing.
And against the point.
No, Pate is actually Arya.
Vault 111... pre-war footage... Tranquility Lane was in Vault 112.... HALF LIFE 3 CONFIRMED?
Pikachu
I said fuck off.
Netflix is doing an original series of A Series of Unfortunate Events.
I guess it will be "false memories" in any official report.
Only if you're not in the country where the language was invented though.
because we have a good o line, weapons at WR, a extremely solid defense and a coach that made case keenum AND ryan fitzpatrick look good enough to trade
I thought LBJ didn't have a clutch gene?
Nachos!
GO LMAO YOUR BRB
People forget that nascar bought the American Le Mans series before the merger happened.
Nikon FM.
with that flair, I'm not surprised to see that statement
Yes
Doesn't speak in Jamaican Patois.
Is the beta available on PC?
Nah, just the intolerant, fanatical types like you.
Watched over by machines of loving grace, Pandora's Box, etc etc etc
He works at a gym?
The comma after "bar" bothers me more.
Oh man, if I could use that to make new Mega Man levels, I would be so happy...
Apologie accepted.
I don't get it, what's wrong with breastfeeding?
the text doesn't look very clear
You... Browse iFunny?
That's some Ralph Lauren shit right there
You mean Purnella's sister in Arthur?
Very true.
Five minutes Turkish.
It's pretty well recognized that soloing is dangerous, and you don't have to be a rocket scientist to realize that it's incredibly stupid in conditions like that.
No splinter cupcake?
Yeah, holding a baby like a baseball bat... Wtf.
Nub2223
The scary and non-sarcastic way is "Because this is how they really see it."
How much would you want for this shipped to California?
I can do that with my gums.
Here.
Sexual orientation is not exclusive to humans.
Dude, rioting over college basketball is anything but dumb.
Rotten Tomatoes actually also gives the average critic rating, and the very useful audience percentage liked and average scores.
Yikes.
I'm not entirely certain about this, on all points, as I do not know how CS:GO on a technical level works, but to my knowledge you'd want higher than just 144 FPS, as your minimum FPS will dip below 144, which can definitely be felt and seen.
Step -1: have your hands surgically moved to where your elbows are
Stance nation bro!
Hey, it's heartwarming that she cared at least!
What time did you get to go home?
What if I told you that matchmaking makes for a worse gaming experience for everyone?
The Star Wars prequels
That Doberman statue pose.
So many that you can almost be sure to find one on the front page at any given time - or am I paranoid?
Not if the water lost heat quick enough.
Have you seen the post credits scene?
envy take first map 16-10
HYPE
Kansas ~~Schools~~ Will ~~Close Early This Spring For Lack Of Funds~~ Screw Over Their Citizens Because the GOP Won't Keep Their Promises.
Only $1,549.00 with 16GB!
we should add partyhats back into the game as drops because I wasnt lucky enough to be playing when they were released
skyrim
It's not that - it's sad how often Africans get shit thrown at them by people because they're not white, or immigrants, or [insert silly reason here].
Does the mayor have another job?
Das Unterhund
Lana Del Rey
Blood of the West Indians
I'm an idiot, I thought of the retailer and was very confused.
Villa wouldn't part with him for that little; he's their only hope
OP wasn't offering the ps4 to you lol.
Please tell us what's really on your mind
Except that Reddit is a for-profit company, and WikiMedia is a non-profit foundation.
just my 2 cents: I couldn't get fallout 3 to work on windows 7 or 8 last time I checked so look into that before you buy anything.
That last one is like if the incel blogger went even more nuts.
So much for Obama being for net neutrality... But then again, we already knew that he wants to regulate, censor, and tax the hell out of the internet.
Light=knowledge
Kind of the way Cuba was unable to develop that cancer vaccine without the help of Big Pharma, right?
I wish I could pretend to be Mike Huckabee so that I could shower in the delusion I was worthy to be president.
Having to wait a week or 2 for a bug fix in a giant game like this is obviously an outrage.
You're fucked in the head problems.
Steve Love's the shit.
I'm sorry, what does this have to do with fallout 4?
Well a lot of the anti-feminism stems from the fact that Anita Sarkeesian lied about games multiple times in her videos in an attempt enforce her own views upon other people.
He said that because you just posted 20 minutes ago.
Meanwhile, I'm eagerly awaiting my ASUS RoG Swift to be delivered today...
Yep, while I have no experience with the USPCA, used to volunteer at a cat/dog rescue centre, they would decline people all the time because they didn't fall into the exact definitions they demanded, 3 legged/one eyed kitten had to get put down because none of the 10 people who wanted it qualified, would have taken it myself if not for my dags
I can't wait for the system of true supply and command to show up!
666 upvotes o.o
It's gross, but the vacuum only makes it worse
Everyone knows the only ethnicitys in the world are white, black, and other
Bought a new copy of Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes
King of Kings ain't even vaguely Monarchist
Google+
And obviously white males are all identical ..
well we all know that if you get pregnant it was "true" rape.
Cybertron, right after Optimus Primal gets the call to chase down Megatron.
Why even bother when the first customer will spill the whole wisely?
Cats do it in anticipation of you actually dying so they can slowly eat your decomposing body
Right, psyops...Fox is an entire network dedicated to psyops, manipulating the perception of the masses around what is right and wrong.
15fps is easiest to read so therefore it's the best.
No "getting a skin drop" option?
kami-sama is best girl
Global warming is natural, surely it can't be an issue!
League!
1) Pull your pants down and tell him "Well, if you insist..".
I wonder what Slaver "Mining Tools" would do?
He is an entire ass-haberdashery, with a colony of shithead milliners to staff it.
This is not a job board.
I know you can click it, but it isn't natrual, I always click the DB logo and then click that faded in text.
Rumble beat the shit out of Davis
Eh sorry, shouldn't you be getting yourself ready for 9 o'clock Mass?
You forgot the
Aww, your poor feels.
We have a plethora of average or worse bigs, I guess we're about to draft another PF
Simcity was on battlelog?
M8 who do you play for?
Yeah I bet you voted dog too cis scum uwu
Oh cool, it's the same angled marking on the tail as my fursona's :3
Sansa's been at rock bottom for four years now; she keeps climbing up a few feet before more boulders fall down on her head, and make her start all over.
truck drivers can't post while driving and they don't have internet in Canada, just mud.
POOLPARTY SKINS
If you can name the character that first made the use of "le" in english as joke popular I'll upvote your post :)
I think we need a "functional atheist" flair
The Baader-Meinhof phenomenon
No way dude, it was definitely a guy in power armor!
Naw bro, pac is alive
Without question
Information on the study isn't personal/contact information.
Yeah, I usually fold aces 2-3 times when I go deep in a tournament, it's all about the tournament life!
Yeah I guess you really shouldn't put that sh*t on everything.
Suck it up sheeple and sleepy hobbits!
Oooh I dunno why that might be, maybe because Samsung makes Touchwiz
Thx.
Yep, totally equivalent.
Cupid x Scylla that's nothing much, Riot ships Bakasura x Sobek.
I named mine STRAIGHT TO HARDMODE and I love being able to do hardmode stuff without having to worry about my main base.
I don't think you fully comprehend how DISGUSTING they truly are.
Yeah, knock down Westminster Abbey, that will make things better
yeah...and Peterson is gone, Rob Irving is gone, Michael Morlan is gone...I haven't seen Chris Olivia in a while
BBC called, their bringing back the Daleks.
While I don't agree with you (I lean heavily towards free markets potentially holding solutions) I think that stagnating in the current model and not experimenting with alternatives means this region is forever doomed to the treadmill of the past.
genius.
You can get behind him being an idiot and making accusatory remarks about something he clearly doesn't understand....?
I said... Bugatti...
Shitty troll, please try harder.
He just gains 50 pounds and is benched.
too late 1996 I feel that life in 2030 will be a lot worse than life in 2015, especially wrt the environment and the surveillance state
That's what happens when your biggest company is in the oil industry and the second biggest was made irrelevant by smartphones.
I constantly get stuck behind them at work.
I can fly, but shit like a bird upon takeoff
Good luck doing better than noranks in cs:go with a controller
No, why?
Must be sympathy awards cause he's a loser ha lol
Mmm I can't wait for this to cost an arm.
You forgot to ad "Energy Union" to the title.
You missed the perfect opportunity to use a semi-colon );
No, god healed him !
Why do you hate kittens and send them death threats?
Because if it's not UWx, it's not control
And then we can respond by showing them a picture of 7 of their players sitting inside our box
Tom hanks rides the subway?
I'm gonna go drink some columbian decaf coffee in his honor.
Some say he's still lying there, on that floor, to this day.
Bite my shiny metal ass!
So no more than two means 0,1 or 2 P(N=0) = .91^20 P(N=1) = (.09)^1 (.91)^19 P(N=2) = (.09)^2 (.91)^18 Add these 3 numbers together.
Absolutely, you wouldn't want them escaping once you put them in there.
Why not?
Why don't these laws apply, and then what laws do apply?
he probably lost his will to play now that he is going to the yotes
you forgot your
No, really?
I'm sorry but in my opinion you cannot argue logic with religion because the two are separate.
Not just 2008... The lions are the best part of being in the NFC north... Basically two gimme games a year.
No, if you don't get it you clearly don't have as refined a sense of humor.
That last one is true though right?
But he is batman
Unfortunately it seems like Nintendo has forgotten about that Zero in the middle.
honestly I don't care either, I'm entertained
racist fuck
Kind of a check to Salamence maybe?
Yeah wish we could have seen that somehow
Wow, you're so much more open minded and non-judgmental than those silly old church people.
Well you see just like the IRS emails this is a non scandal because its just crazy Republicans trying to stir shit up, nothing to see here move along
Is it really?
He's right though, xbox ones are currently very powerful and can handle up to 9k, but are being limited to crap devs and HDMI 1.9
Fair enough, but if the thought of sexually touching your fiancee is physically sickening... it's probably time to split or go to counselling.
Added you!
Yeah but it's not the Cowboy's O-line so therefore Demarco Murray will run for 10 yards a game
I think it's comparable to people jerking off and chocking themselves to get more intense orgasms, this guy is chocking himself and doing bicep curls to get more intense muscle orgasms, also known as pumps.
Antibiotics w/ strep is used for: * Decrease Contagious Period (Non-Contagious after 24-hours on Antibiotics) * Prevent abscesses near/on the tonsils * Minor relief of discomfort/increased speed of healing --- Yes you should go pick up some antibiotics so you don't develop complications &amp; reduce your contagiousness.
the EP they made with Ryan Adams a while back is fantastic
you're probably a privelaged racist white man also
Oh good, I hadn't seen this yet this week.
I called it, I said his apology was a bunch of bullshit and half the people here didn't believe me, jhalt is and always will be a sneaky piece of shit.
Itshappening.jpg
Mood ring pasties?
What a forward and progressive thinker!
Wait, I thought we all disliked Victarion?
But who is going to build roads?
Oh well, have at it then
All brown people look the same
Murderer
I just came back from Kilmer and the computers were working there.
Guys if you just think about how the turn structure works in Hearthstone it makes perfect sense!
Looks like you have your buttons set to be larger, and that's causing the text to do funky things.
Yes, because David Cameron is going to call off a coalition over a 404 page that made a joke about him
He should sue them and force them to accept his views!
Doll boss OP - level 117, anyone down to summon?
you forget the
I'm gonna assume he gets paid monthly.
Curry doesn't need any because he's dominates the game so hard he doesn't get to play enough to drop 40 points
That's pretty messed up making your dog carry your poop.
Kris Bryant NEEDS to be in the majors
Nah dude trust me I can bench way more weight with my legs flailing around.
Way to make America's look good, Allison.
How can NASA send people to Mars if they haven't even sent people on the moon
Hey, sounds perfectly reasonable to me!
And *Yankee Imperialism*
Not with that attitude, I can't.
[M] Can we join?
Never heard of her.
Content unrelated to League of Legends.
Honestly the fact that black ops 2 had a better consequence based ending that mass effect 3 makes them a decent job
Oh...well that's *much* better than stinging.
BUT BRODIE
China has always had such a great history of looking after its people and treating them amazingly and only those terrible Westerners would do anything bad to them.
Looks like burglars better go in armed and shoot first, to be safe.
Yes, yes it does!
You can't see over 30 fps anyway
the nerve of those women, showing off their knees like that
No touching on the first date it offends me!
Yeah, let's get a head start on locking people up for thought crime and free speech violations.
BUT IF I DELETE IT I WON'T GET SWEET SWEET KARMA
I agree, but are you sure an education would make them read the bills in the first place?
So many names from the Gillispie era: * Jai Lucas * GJ Vilarino * Dakotah Euton * Vinny Zollo * Konner Tucker * Michael Avery What a nightmare that was.
Smokescreen
Yeah, quit setting totally unattainable body standards.
Fucking Uncle Tom
shhhh...let us hate the Russians.
*cough* well there's at least one CF guy in Michigan... I'll let you know if I find any wonderful ones around me, though ;p
RGF is one of the best and most trustworthy vendors on this sub and totally not a drug addict, I'm sure he'll come through!
SPOILERS
I hate to burst everyone's bubble, but this is clearly a new wifi router.
Okay, now they're just trying to show off the water resistance.
Most?
you're lucky there is a 80 ping holding me back from being challenger u scrubs!
But with so many sharp objects around, surely shoes with holes in them is a bad idea?
Nah man it's a gfci, that means it cant electrocute you.
Awww.
pretty sure that's a jack russell
Except for everyone getting downvoted just because others think it isn't a good idea or because they think everyone should know something by now
Will this do something to insurance prices?
Sorry, meant to put a
Why not both?
Many are regular folks who've grown tired of their nation's irresponsible immigration policies.
There was no second season
No he didn't, he got his car back!
Pretty sure that was the creepy-subject-change part....
But just look at how well it works!
Whos that Korean?
Sometimes you just have to accept collateral damage to kill those distant, insignificant threats.
$40k/year sounds horrible...
Oh Nooooooooo... pls no pls...
They were totally asking for it, right?
I think the correct technique is done in 4 steps - Stop, scope, flick, fire.
considering how well the whole criminalizing the hiring of illegals went, I wonder why the Republicans are causing such a stink this time.
Hey man, R-E-L-A-X!
It was 13 weeks of hell man!
What do you mean, Zero hasn't had a significant affect on current culture?
Yep because there's only one way to get the results you want
Israel should do peace with the Palestinians!
I thought LT was a linebacker?
Yeah, but we don't need guns though.
all there puns seem kinda fishy, are you guys working together?
right because people don't play games using microprocessors EVER......
Because crimes are impossible to solve without meta data.
Yes because replacing one undisciplined goon with another is exactly what the flyers need.
Just finished shitting on Teemo.
is this for real or
I think I've had enough reddit for today... maybe for this week...
they cant, because then you would see they screwed up painting and it actually sucks D:
Nice try, CIA.
Yeah, that must be a huge cashcow
But we can't let saving lives trump corporate profits, can we?
It was just a joke giuze lol
Oh, that's all you did?
What if Adam is actually Summer and got a sex change so she/he could watch over the Faunus revolution and protect Ruby, but it got out of hand and now Summer/Adam has to be a leader for the White Fang above all else?
Looked like a dive to me....
But he didn't use those, he used autist which is *so* much better.
hopefully they do.... solo/duo and then team league should be a seperation... if they don't then i will probably not play ranked which is a shame because i like draft pick.... the game is very team based but with the algorithm right now it's get pummeled or pummel the opposing team... i think fixing the algorithm will be first and then if that doesn't work they'll switch how the ranked seperation works
been a while since ive seen sf and jugg in a pub.
Cesaro
Meh, we didn't need all these colleges anyway.
But PM isn't a game.
No one if ELoE members have their say.
I love bitchy Cortana, especially on LASO.
Performing any research into pharma corporation products is *anti-science*.
Yeah but still that name alone will make Titan play better!
Are they being shown the 50 States?
Talking to the clerk, I got the impression that everything is 40% off this week (starting yesterday), then 50% off next week, then 60% off the week after that, then stores close at the end of the month.
But he was just talking to his guys.
Breaking Bad
Just ask nicely and malicious drone flyers will be more than happy to comply.
but I thought they didn't invade the Ukraine
Yes because all cops are like this and not a small percentage
Came here hoping for this photoshop.
It literally has nothing to do with Islam, yes the majority of these attacks come from muslims, yes they quote the Koran when they kill people and use the Koran to justify and yes the Koran tells them to do these things, but this has literally nothing to do with Islam.
Ill trade u 85 regge bush 4 him
Way to far from the tv
Not with the tough competition Douglas is bringing to the table!
A very appropriate comparison.
Real original comment, never heard that one before.
Oh waaa, poor people aren't appreciating my strife!
I was thinking that too, but that dude has had the shell of his castle built for more than 5 years, doesn't even have a roof yet!
Fuck that shit, I'm not paying $25+ per game and leaving it because of a little wee injury.
Yep, that describes all of the 100s of millions of people on Reddit
Yes, as True Humble Warriors one must be prepared to hate and kill your opponent, unlike those meathead sport fighters who respect their opponent as a fellow human being.
Yeah that would be fucking hilarious for us because scaring some women is exactly what we should be doing to get out message across.
Yup.
smh playoffs Lebron is literal trash
Yeah, but if I saw a kid with what appeared to be a gun I would immediately get out of my car and shoot him dead
No I want prince of Persia
beats me, unlike the girls in the anime i watch you all look the same
Well of course, its a AAA game
This is definitely an America issue and not a person taking drugs with no knowledge of where they came from issue.
Evolution, pssshh, we were obviously made by an omnipotent bearded invisible man in the sky, and females just get created from a mans rib, beat that monkeys!
Seriously I went to subway the other day for the first time in a few years and it wasn't very good like I remembered it
I'm guessing he's been cheated on more than once.
I'm still grinnin'...
Well why don't you get the rest of your people to do the same?
would anyone care to enlighten me about how they create this finish?
No, liveleak is way better
buy the game
After that speech, I'd run through a brick wall for that creep!
I forgot he did that all by himself.
I didn't know they announced an expansion.
You're saying it wrong...
5th 'L' messed up Whole practice 0/10
Brb compiling a list of all players in world 18 killing eachother because they're harassing each other ffs
Good, it's a crime to make a game this bad.
That's what they deserve for firing that poor security guard.
I'm sure the majority of the people living in England during the Industrial Revolution would tell you how fantastic pure capitalism is
bf is better when you are getting babysitted in pubstomp
CGI looks like shit, wouldn't have went to see this.
Yeah, I hate when women are not naked
Oh right, I forgot I only had an 8mb memory card in my xbox one to hold my customs
So how would I go about calling someone a liar who said they sent me money when I can't check the blockchain
Don't forget the
yep german football casters are a crime against the sport but we at least have a, in my opinion, very good cs caster in knochen from 99damage.
god i hope you forgot the
Now that is co-operation between the parties
arey aaj udhar porn ki type pe ban, fir porn pe karenege, fir pata chala India bhi unhe dekhke karne laga... Nai saar aise kaise hone denge hum.. Hum chup nai rahenge... Jizz ki nadiyan baha denge.
What do *you* mean by *these* people
Yeah, the GOP is certainly an enlightened, compassionate bunch of people who care deeply about individual rights.
You must be one of those commie, socialist folks I keep hearing about.
But, but, raising the minimum wage is bad!
Yeah, fuck people in dictatorships because some western teens are trying to be edgy!
I'd be embarrassed of that time too.
is that oreimo
So where are the skilled software developers and team leaders hiding?
You probably just haven't met the right person yet.
Because those four are literally the only options
They're not going to perform upkeep either way so just go with the more expensive car.
Playing ladder matches or tournies and they help seed for online tournys/lans
Kendrick sucks
Except Michael Bay, he wasn't invited.
She paid the price (the rejection) for thinking love was cheap (thinking OP's affection is a mere backup plan to another fellow she fancied)
To later be removed during a rework.
The economy is in better shape the when the republicans were in power in 2008.
Buy a damn scale, you can get one for 20 dollars and depending on how much you ship they can save you that in a month
So is deerclops, moosegoose, dragonfly, vargs,nightmare beaks,creepers,waterfiends and everything else
I agree, if browne wasn't so rocked he probably could have finished there, but he was still wobbling and fell off arlovski when he tried to put him away.
Yes I had the same thought!
He broke his own leg
The dungeon found in russel wilson's basement full of kidnapped children form Seattle childrens hospital.
That's 30 seconds of your life I stole from you and you'll never get back.
While I don't think racism is the way to go, you can't fault people for getting pissed and frustrated at a guy *who won't even be here next year* winning one of the most important games of the year for the tank.
I might have to upgrade to the PC 2.0.
You can always convert to composite and then back to HDMI!
it gets downloaded faster if used on a web page
Just got laid!
I'd go for better speed if you're gonna use the mega
What does he mean to say exactly?
Haven't seen too much official but I'll add to the list, thank you!
Don't tease, non-fire breather
I'm a *lead* farmer motherfucker!
Debt in fiat, assets in BTC.
What do you think of the Agents of SHIELD "C-17"?
Haha how dare I like something you don't
spy
Icebreaker is the only 1 I plan to refurbish
Also 'paradigm' is a horrible, vague word.
Nah man, they are fat and just as beautiful as any thin bitch, so being fat is completely out if the equation, duh, it's obviously your fault for not understanding their eccentric out landish style and that they're just soooo fun to be around.
I'd take that in a redraft league.
Dielectric grease or animal semen.
Where's the beer..?
Ah yes, the 1x warp dark singularity, we've all been there
They should make jeans for people with no legs
That will probably be the barest possible pass - a G or F grade, which is essentially quantifying mathematical illiteracy.
Visie is als de olifant die het uitzicht belemmert.
so edgy
Gonna be hilarious to see these guys get booted out of the playoffs in spectacular fashion like they've been doing for the last decade
unfortunately when you buff tanks enough they just go top lane
IMO, Kareem is probably the only one.
Tickets are coded as minions.
And you need a sense of humor
way to let bots steal these keys
A drawing with scribbles all over it FTFY
Not all of us are drooling pigs looking for escorts, you know.
But maybe a bearable sitcom.
We found the 15 year old in this thread.
&amp; labor has now joined the very bottom of my election form just ahead of the LNP from here into eternity.
Wait, are you not allowed to call a woman "mate"?
Yuppers
Hoskins for 1B
well you are showing them that gaming is full of sexist assholes, which means you are CLEARLY seeking attention
I saw Matthew McConaughey, Bill Pullman, and Seth Green.
lol, she'll last as long as she wants, they'll be too afraid to pull the trigger because they know she will sue
Yes, you are perfectly right, since Hydrogen is absolutely everywhere AND quasi unlimited, but an unfortunate accident 77 years has put hydrogen on the back-burner (pun intended).
You should rather send him a fruit basket for being of service to him.
What's a "passive"?
What about Uncle Ruckus AKA Clarence Thomas.
This triggers me.
That sounds like the most balanced and fair way to do it
let us know how it turns out?
You don't love doctor who anymore?
That would require him to stop masturbating though!
kaceytron
does fighting passive aggressive behavior with passive aggressive behavior really work?
Interesting, especially with how much he gets paid
CCPls give me exploration carrier.
I honestly can't decide whether "AIN'T A FUCKIN THING SACRED / WHEN I GET NAKED" is hilarious or awesome.
he looks friendly, im not feeling it
Eating a regular sized meal on a date
Porta hole.
Checks out guys, redditor for 2 weeks.
Because yet another shithead in the community will totally go towards reviving the scene amirite?
but but but, I want the games at 12.01 am!
Don't tell me you don't love that Coca ColaTM quiz thing before the trailers
Is there any way to rename it to Hotdogs?
What is the roster?
IDK, I got queued with some random girl who sounded (and acted) fairly pre-puberty, and she pretty much got screamed at the same amount as the rest of the team
yeah I was wondering about that, I haven't seen a desktop for development in years :P
Apparently yelling **CONQUER MY VAGINA** causes people to burst into laughter.
Judging by that immediate upB after footstool, Samus also underestimated it.
Jews
In other words, the fuzz has gotten a whiff of the buzz.
He can always go to a jehova witness
hunter2
I feel you man!
[*jerk, off*] actually a pretty interesting debate [*jerk, on*]
If everyone know as much as there is to know about the major atrocities they can potentially improve upon those ideas.
IGN: VolcanoTRex I hand out Assembly Points like they're candy and typically find at least two Dimension Rifts a day.
corgis are awesome
I'm unaware of any bars with Elsinore on draft, eh.
Damn lazy Mexicans have to ruin all our fun
Hi
Not sure if
With piece of shit, Greg Hardy, out for ten games next season... tremendous journalism...
Dyrus because I'm an old school Epik fan.
First, let's stop using encryption.. that should make our defense against hackers stronger... right guys?
you monster
Your landlord should be responsible for housing you in a safe place if you are being threatened the way you say you are and they know about it.
It was the Republicans in the Senate that passed it, Rush.
He makes an interesting point about the numbers of Indians and slaves at the time of the founding of the USA.
How can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real?
High capacity chokehold magazines
Yeah, it is part of the achievement diaries.
but it does have to do with being a better human being than someone else.
Welcome to sarcasm.
Fucking Italians
Transition out *to what* exactly?
Because obviously there's a direct positive correlation between looks and talent on the field.
Shot a pigeon with a pellet gun because I was bored.
he forgot his
Well it's either vote republican or socialist hippy Marxists will destroy America
Nope, I was the one to mention it.
I would like to point out that Pope Francis is Roman Catholic, and obviously not an authority figure to all Christians.
Not just the kitchen sink... TAKE ALL THE SINKS!
can i have something?
The woman in the photo looks terrified and the man is restraining her from behind making the whole photo look very sinister.
ASSUMING BETHESDA DOESNT FUCK US ALL OVER AND NOT ALLOW PICKPOCKETING JUST LIKE HOW YOU PLAY THE WHOLE GAME AS A WHITE MALE
Vape Wild and ECBlends for me.
This is SO much better
ikr Bloodborne on the PC is much better, it's like it's loading times are non existent!
I swer on me mum i'll hook you rite in da gabbah m8.
yeah Blacks are the worst.
Eh, I wasn't impressed with Afterlife with Archie, so I'll probably skip this
Nah, I'm sure it's fine to let people like Peter Dupas out.
Your face is exquisite.
Im glad thats supposed to be funny and not offensive!
Ritual beast
I thought it was Rawplextrap
This isn't dirty though
Currency of the future right here!
We have very different definitions of the word proof
You, sir, are a gentleman and a scholar.
Obviously this means one of the two of you regrets marrying the other for being so standoffish and unapproachable.
You can also get something called tack cloth that's made specifically for removing dust between finish coats.
Like I said 400 times, the DLC weapons will be shit, like in every other BF game
831, and so...?
I understand its funny to sign people over United but lets face it, they done it to us way more times and we look like fucking idiots talking shit for it.
Don't you see, he's so contrarian it automatically becomes art, by succumbing to the limits and prison of prose and verse of haiku, he restricts himself into the box that society wants him to be locked into........something something patriarchy.
Yeah he's said this multiple times because he knows Young and Valencia aren't defenders.
Hash'in is not a crime!
I mean, Astrology and Astronomy are basically the same thing
Plot twist: the PC comes with a video card that doesn't fit into it's tiny case.
Just a joke bro!
Yeah, Iphone was made thanks to Iraq war
*thousands of brussel sprouts pour out of pockets*
Last time I checked it was 22k
Hitler was at least vegetarian, how does it feel to be worse than hitler?
Nah, nerf if like the auto rifles.
Ex
I thought it was hilarious :(
Who would have thought a court with surveillance in its name would vote for surveillance?
damn as a Giants fan I'm a little pissed and can't help but like him a little less now...
Which could be in the 1st game :( Poor kid cant catch a break.
I don't know how the fuck tuesday is the second best song of the year but okay.
1440x900p master race
protect and serve.
Wow ill look for that next time!
Lort lort lort -Elite
He meant his own statement...
Maybe the Russians ran out if Semi-Gloss by the time they started building KV's?
Y U NO IN DIS COMPETITION
RIP underdog value ;(
What browser is this?
I'm even more confused now.
Nah, it's all about Tyler Ennis
Why NSA did not see this coming?
True
i know, isnt freedom and free will and having full control over what you do with your body so annoying?
That was so unexpected...
My cat likes to do this, let you rub its belly, then it snatches your hand and starts rending your veins with its hind leg talons
Idol, fuck.
I remember reading it before, but will have to refresh
TLDR: read it you lazy cotton headed ninny muggins
Player with tan skin award
Finally, someone the cartels *didn't* kill.
But what if I am a pineapple?
yes, because it really hurts the rapists having an abortion, no other possible reason could motivate women to abort such a pregnantcy
Please God, don't let us look like assclowns on primetime television
Inevitable heat death?
Where are you trading that your broker is taking 2-4% on $500-$1000 trades?
Goddamnit ilonzo, I was about to curl up in a ball and cry.
The boys just need to get to their game
It's an inferno...Xbox should be shut down
I should have added the
Another way to funnel taxpayer funds to some political crony who runs drug tests.
lol scrub cant even read ar9
He already has, these christians just wanted to go to hell so they became gay loving sinners
Fun fact: at Christmastime, this might still work in Japan.
His clever reply just amused him to no end.
But when hunting season arrives and there's no Canadian Geese for me to shoot, I'd be mad
*SHES A DISGRACE TO WOMEN EVERYWHERE*
Maybe he was doing incline skullcrushers
Clearly the engineers failed because they didn't properly design the structure for the possibility a jet liner could hit the tower.
Right he doesn't have any other ventures.
Posting comments sure is doing a lot as well
It's obviously a very French-sounding language
C'mon we weren't even in Laos at the time.
Silent Aim confirmed.
They added the E because people wanted APCR for the H. What we got was a new tank we didn't ask for, and surprise, no one wants to play it.
the f1appening
If it can't melt steel beams, how can it melt steel plates?
Yay more FUD, 'cause that's what I come here for.
Can Zassler use the Angel's corpses?
I thought it wasn't personnel?
Who would have seen this coming
Don't forget the washing!
RNG is based off of what phone you have, the phone company, current ping, current team, and don't forget being on data or wifi matters also.
Yeah I already forgot who won the fuckin race on sunday
Yea OP, don't you know only kids should play video games?
OP is clearly just anti-semitic.
They can do everything a man can do, and in heels, too!
I thought it was dubstep
Yup Harrison should be shamed for being racist against black people
Dude Regi never benches everyone even if they suck
I wonder who's in the onix costume
Nah man, obviously malware cannot copy itself to your router if you change the MAC address as the router doesn't have a hard drive...
I believe he said give me karma, not you ya skrub.
It's the least I could do for my new girlfriend
Reading and meditation.
USA, please kill them, that way we europeans can look back at this soon and call you gun toting world police assholes
Nice job, Israhell!
Yes Maybe some youtube videos on common hiding spots might help keppo
Dota obviously needs Source 2 more.
If you want men's problems to be taken seriously, don't link to misleading statistics reported by a white supremacist website.
Yeah but Podolski and Campbell are really good I can understand why Wenger doesn't give them more minutes
This is the internet, where your opinion doesn't matter and if you don't agree with mines, you can suck a fat one.
No need to be superficial broseph.
But then how did they get into the guys house if it was illegal?
I thought it was gay marriage.
Because I am entitled and want everything for free.
Yeah, but free upgrade, so there's that!
Gee I would sure hate to idolize people with better health than me, I'm going to shame myself for wanting abs now
Racist.
Yeah, because Smash 4 is an utterly incomplete and unplayable game without Mewtwo and Lucas.
But but but McGregor got subbed four years ago so his ground game is clearly awful
Because they're out there to save the world from bourgeois/USA/IMF and if you disagree with them you're obviously brainwashed by the system.
wow way to threaten the victim with sexual assault, shitlords
Jessica Valenti, champion of truth and justice.
But c'mon man, if I wouldn't riot when I get offended in my cushy upper class lifestyle, why would they?
Her wall becomes more OP every single patch because Rito keeps ducking up with the unit collision
If they had nothing to hide they wouldn't live in the dark where no one can see their evil!
How dare you not just give him an entire spec, glyph, itemization priority and rotation to be a 35k dps rogue, especially after how much he has given you!
yeah, and how many people do you think are gonna get tbat reference besides people in Japan or bigtime fans?
Love the dress, love your hair.
Idk, I have a thing for guys in glasses, so...
Uhu.. because these statistics are really reliable
I think its
It definitely ruins her body
The man was a saint and was just trying to prevent helter skelter.
Yeah, Christianity is evil, talking to and helping people in the hopes of saving them, they should be more like the peaceful Muslims and just kill the unsaved people.
I also would like people who say naughty things be locked up
you forgot the
If the Stoke lad is either Shawcross or Adam, is it justified?
But..but marijuana is *illegal*
It's true they should have tazed her.
With Jamie Young as captain and Broich disqualified to keep the teams even, naturally.
You sound like a great person
Good thing I got it just for you, then!
Only on the inside.
I'll bet it comes to around 11 percent of all taxes!
But karma is soooo important man!
Might not have had the time, the crew has gotten back together just days earlier and have been through one crazy situation after another.
Remove comment, code works
Of course, privilege should be inherited, not bestowed on the most worthy!
iOS?
Well then we know what we have to do then!
Well, the Catholic church *is* an abomination and the whore of all the earth.
yeah that situation will come up all the time in combat
1v1 get rekt bich
Sure am glad that my soon to be daughter is going to get to grow up with smart guys like you in the world!
Because every country really wants another country's military enforcing laws.
A superb and utterly feasible idea if ever I've heard one.
Because society obviously ignores the voices of women...especially when they complain about something.
\o Woooo!
This poor kid
People who questioned the practice at the time got labeled "Anti-Lobers" and were publicly shunned and ridiculed for their failure to follow "proven" scientific research.
OK sounds like a great idea
Well, if it took *you* all that effort to get turned on, you might resent it, too.
It's totally your ISP's fault when you spawn outside the map
Man, the bus really brings out the worst in people.
I hope we get a vlog explaining this one
LOL if that's not what's going to happen FD just blew a ton of money writing, debugging, testing, and deploying code they're never going to use again.
I love a good cup of misandry in the morning.
thats it, no more organic for me
Don't even as much as dare criticize the Zionist Occupied Government of Israel, if you do you're an "anti-Semite" or a "self-hating-Joo"!
Because argument from nature is 100% true
Wow, Mobile must be an absolute war zone with gun fights running rampant.
lololol Juve are so dumb to sell Immobile, the mighty Serie A top scorer who is surely awesome even if I never seen him play
It's all Obama's fault, that no good socialist.
But how would I aim down my sights?
But God told George W. Bush to invade Iraq.
False rape accusations are never a problem
Maybe they can't afford a reddit scandal so they had to draw back on the censorship?
nah beamer is certain this team is 2 or 3 plays from being undefeated
I guess Lewis just wasn't that hungry this weekend.
I have objections; if i can't afford it no one else is allowed to afford it
Kind of like how a warehouse is inhabited by boxes?
They're twins so you basically kissed your crush!
I CAN'T WAIT ANY LONGER I'M INSTALLING THESE ON MY NEXUS 5
Right, who needs the pesky EPA anyway.
Thank god for the Republican's relentless defense of the 2nd amendment... at least those of us with guns will still have a puncher's chance!
Tell me the winrate of lee in the elo you play at.
But it's similar to a Fractal in that you're experiencing the past as it happened two years ago!
Yeah, surely with a history of the best schools and social services a city can offer this neighborhood can clearly do much better.
maxishighroller Just hit 20 today on PS (was 24 on XB1 before I sold it for a new GPU) also replying if anybody else wants to add me
They would be valid anywhere in the world.
Good constructive feedback.
Of course he did, video is not evidence of wrong doing.
Because it's not ZOMGPEEEEERRRRFECT, and anything less than that is just not worth playing.
Better check that sacrifice room for a better item
he really dragged the team down in ghosts........
That makes a lot of sense.
Is that you OP?
A non-American team if your American
next you'll tell me they really aren't the live music capital of the world
fucking repost, get a fucking undercut pop
Much better to just pick 2 from the 100+
Hard to main event when such block buster dream matches like John Cena vs Big Johnny are on the card.
*I FUCKED UR MOM BRO*
Clear kicking motion, that shouldn't count
I'd rather dick vitale
gpu pwease
Just make it like karthus's except he can aa during it
One took Alex Smith to the NFCCG.
Well fuck you
Yeah, jews like George Perkins and William Thomson.
Ahh... We've come so far...
_gangs in Vancouver_ LOL
DAE COMMUNISME IN EEN NIEUW JASJE
So terrible.
Nah man, Willy Mo and Roddy are shit.
Dude what's a turn signal?
Better put it in 4LO everywhere you go!
Statistical outliers are completely possible, even without a conclusive pool of data.
Woman drivers amirite?
.
*TL:DR (The Australian Edition)* 1st Test is at 5:00AM (AEST) on **June 2nd** 2nd Test is at 11:AM (AEST) on **June 2nd** &amp;nbsp; **NOTE THE DATE, AS IT IS INCORRECT IN THE TITLE** (At least in how it relates to us)
I'll gift you a game or two when I get home, pm me so I don't forget
either it will help someone solve it or really confuse the shit out of them
Looks like one hand and one foot.
Once.
Bravo
in "my documents"
Riiiigggghhhttt.....
no that would be heroin
Besides being old and feeble he is too wackadoo and completely lacks charisma.
that is correct, play video on slowmo
I wonder if mine is among them.
you could just do a shit ref from a drawing
To Punani Town
It's Lupus?
Link fail?
Oh i know we had chickens when i was younger before we moved to town and had to get rid of them but now my aunt has them i get fresh eggs from her, she shoves like 3 cartons at me some weeks its like o.o i'm making a lot of egg stuff this week
Better team in England but not even the best team in North London.
You are oblivious
Some say that our plasma even disperses naturally in vacuum or atmosphere!
Wtf?
903.5
That's a Cheeto
Your insurance company decided not to keep carrying your plan, not the United States Government.
Crossfit
I heard turning down ground clutter and sky detail helps too.
While this post is stupid, white guilt as a concept is fucking stupid.
Damn shipping charges are more than my order.
It's her Italian side I believe.
I'm still getting used to the Clippers having fans.
He really, really lightened up after stepping down.
All Hail Caesar
Yes, yes he did.
VOTE UKIP
As a heavy drinker I have taken tumbles like this alot, funny to see not experience
sea sponges ha, just disproved veganism
Whoah Dark Mary, bam ba-lam whoah Dark Mary...
Corporations aren't economies.
Go acc
This is Fucking gold
I like getting Norway and having a B29, or B17, or what have you, climbing to low orbit and dragging out the match for an hour.
All I could hear while reading that was Darude - Sandstorm **sorry**
10 doesnt either
They certainly can bite if they need to and it hurts
Stared pc gaming when I was 7 I am now 14.
Not if you only make them look young but are still old in mind and drive.
Because Roadkill
He wouldn't do that, not enough underage girls calling him "papi" there
Upvote from Chinese
Please point out where OP said they use it for gaming.
Opinions about 6.83 / predictions about 6.84
This statement, by this idiot actually convinces me that with all it's corruption Obamacare is actually good for the country
Charlie "The Wildcard" Kelly.
Are they cheaper than flight club?
Well I was wrong but I was right after all then ;)
You need sun.
And when you say Miami
Hernandez is too killer of a player to not be on a team.
Deaf A) Im already half way there B) you think when you see so i will still hear what they are saying C) going blind is one of my major fears
The Bears and Falcons are on their schedule.
He called it a sanction, so he probably thinks there's a reason.
Brilliant!
I meant, where is this species endemic?
bc gag order dude.
Try being the one getting shot at and see if you prefer the airstrike over taking him on yourself.
....are you trolling me or something?
That didn't look like a very good snow penis.
orlaith mcallister of big brother fame
Mad Dog Cortex
Its definitely pretty obvious that's the case with how popular people like Anthony Fantano are these days ^^I'm ^^guilty ^^of ^^being ^^a ^^fan.
Yes just like no one would pay 5000 keys for a knife when they can get ones that look 99% the same for 600 keys, oh wait, they do.
Not really an apples to apples comparison, as the phantom camera is designed for video, whereas the original just shot a sheet of film, but for something moving that fast a 2 microsecond exposure would get a *much* clearer image than a still from 170,000fps video, even if it was recording in 1080p
le cild free xddddd
Not even that, when he plays with his friends they insult each other as jokes.
Just because you don't see them doesn't mean they're not there.
add an
The other 50%
the Galacticos used to win matches like that
Wow that took a dark turn...
This
Nah, nah, nah ^^WhiteRoseisoverplayed
ok you cant get assualt weapons in mass have anything else about the 2nf amendment to bring up?
When did we do this?
The masterminds of hockey would welcome this genius!
Yeah because your opinion based on a very small subset of information is fact
yes, we do: three word slogans.
That makes sense, maybe OP is only in their twenties too.
It's not meant to get you high, it's meant to kill pain.
The difference between the two is that a 1v3 triple kill with Zed requires finesse and skill while a 1v3 triple kill with Gragas is "Body slam in and the press the rest of my buttons at random".
They were sued and iirc found 'guilty'
Nice high quality photos there...
Seduce, but not marry.
best answer
Lego, not legos :-(
Thise things cost money, and you don't just receive millions of dollars a mont to cover the cost.
well at least I wont ever take a deuce and find we are out of toilet paper when its to late.
Free Magnitude!
From the Americans, In return we will provide them with an extra series of Downton
What's the difference with night of the owls?
I'm an atheist and a minister's nephew, my uncle could/can work anything in "A young man alone in the desert, you know in the bible we hear about another young man in the desert ....."
I see story of seasons has MH4U's desire sensor
Everyone's gotta support the local-est team they can, heh.
You missed out the
*Shudders
I have not, but i should definitely look into it!
Trying too hard m8
Correct
Last I knew the hobbit movies were 48 fps &amp; movie goers complained about it.
Silly you, Xbox Potato can't get 60fps if you want 1080p quality
I agree with you, there is no good outcome of her telling them she is uncomfortable with them showing normal healthy signs of affection.
White people can't experience racism because power + privilege = racism
as someone who knows all 435 members of the house I can say that she's stupid.
Wingbacks aren't just interchangeable you know?
But how can you bunnyhop without clipless pedals?
No, only Delly is dirty.
i loved his excellent lip syncing when he told the chief to surrender cortana
She's 14.
Modi is responsible ?
Well so does the Amethyst.
I'll be your fitbit friend!
You just had to bring up last night didn't ya?
That's exactly why Ellen Pao must Gtfo
You're just a dirty SJW.
Jews, of course.
FINALLY!
I'm sure the explosion and competition from gas in state, and bigger coal plants out of state had nothing to do with it
Maybe this is a sign that every other social injustice has been taken care of and we're now in mop up mode for the tiny bits that are left?
I wouldn't mind my papers...
Cycle wheeling seems redundant.
jinx
You dropped this:
@5:48 Isnt Rxg6 working?
Blonde hair, blue eyes, and about 5'7.
what about central
all of them
*Quak quak* (Translation: AETHAO GET YOUR ALT, OPHERIAL, OUT OF MY HOUSE)
Actually, they say competition in the NPB is comparable to AAA/AA
Cool story bro
Should put an Arc reactor in there.
But it snowed where I live today how can global warming be real
Meh, Todd Aiken did worse...
Interesting, looks like at the earliest we would be getting a 2nd season at the end of 2017 if they keep up with 2 shows per year.
But expecting a woman to say "no" when they *don't* want to have sex with someone... Isn't that victim blaming?
Artists don't exist until they play at a national concert/music festival.
Parking in a motorcycle only parking spot isn't a big deal but it does show the driver is an idiot.
money
I wish the government would just outlaw all these things to protect us.
they can abuse pings and chat wheel
To be fair he is probably used to seeing the pats oline abused in the Superbowl
I hope he sues the cunt who accused him into poverty for the rest of her life.
Because they obviously have the right to make comments on our bodies
Because if you aren't getting a dick jammed inside you then obviously **nothing** is wrong and you have no right to feel pain or fear.
Yeah, the swiss guard are armed with mp5's but the manufacturer definitely can't be christian!
Supergeil!
you forgot to add
Alternatively: Order the OEIS sequences by url, and let a_n = 1 + the nth element of the nth sequence.
Sell us some type of shirt that has a better slogan than 'Real Planeswalkers are not concerned about the gender of their opponent' Then on the back 'I support a safe environment for women to play mtg along with [mtgprice logo]'
Hey now, five-for-one deals like Bergdahl are a fantastic way to ease tax payer burden of housing terrorists.
I DONT KNOW WHAT YOURE TALKING ABOUT I LOVE MY 10/22 BOLT LOCK MECHANISM
Yet source file is 102 lines.
Makes sense
wouldn't pinching you be unethical?
I'll pray for you.
You could make an effort post out of that entire thread, like: "It's a pragmatic solution for more efficient suicides."
I love Steve Blake, not sure why people hate him.
Holy shit, then a lot of NBA HoF-ers don't know what they are talking about!
Yeah, that's life.
The new actor looked very young, so I'm guessing yet another origin story.... yay
Yeah, because people will totally use godawful shitty TB for ranked
We all know that all heat is comes from CO2.
Women can't set up electronics, silly!
The crew skill item vendor on fleet.
I really like the idea that FEMA camps are all finished but, not in use because they are being held back by political red-tape.
Which is of course a problem in of itself.
Humbug, there's no such thing as a female theoretical physicist!
save 1 or 2 for me and I'll contact you in a week or two?
That's actually very interesting.
I had to change the address cause I fucked somehting up, here it is: D88JFoQQ3gfcYJyJ1zGJ4fAzcE3Rcxyo4Y
jealousy
\*rimshot*
Well, that does fall under literally anything short of a 5 peat and would probably be bad enough to get the coach fired.
Malboro could have done it, clearly need to get gud
If Valve don't do it, someone will make "Counter-Strike: 1.6: Source 2"
44% APR is the best rate.
grail just got buffed.. so there's that
It is when I don't like it!
Ah, them hippies deserve it anyway!
Adam Smith - capitalism James Watt - steam engine Alex Fleming - antibiotics James Watson Watt - radar David Hume - scepticism and empiricism :)
Gideon is surfing on a hedron... Clearly he will be WR with some kind of dash-like ability
He's not *my* fellow.
This excites me, although I wonder as a Canadian what kind of a waiting game I'll have to play... Still, it'l be worth it to have high quality kanthal for cheap.
Salute!
Oh yes, not pushing RMB makes you so much more efficient with your other fingers!
That takes too long
You're gonna make it braah
I remember when I was 12
You forgot to tag your post with
I beg to differ that equipment is expensive while that pathetic peon is easily replaced by drawing a random lot from the stack of resumes that have been kept on file from the last 6 months.
Barring some sort of physical trauma to ye olde brainpan that results in a massive personality shift, adamant.
Wow that Irelia's nerf is so significant, it is like Riot trying to Azir her
That's really for oil based substances from what I gather(cough, cough steroids) but peptides are water based and should draw fine with the smallest gauge needle out there.
That's heavy
Alienware "overpriced" Yeah, seems about right.
thank god we got rid of this trouble maker
Yeah, any star on a losing team should shut it down for the season, fuck the fans
Good thing everyone plays the same schedule so losses are a good indicator.
hollywood is so original it hurts
That's why they are the pros, and we are not :p But, it's a culture you can definitely encourage.
I thought Taylor Kitsch as Gambit was pretty good.
In his video he expressed this possibility... Because the first thing gamersgate wants is to put in trouble whom publicly critique sharkee.
Not enough topless protests to report.
You don't have to wait, TF2 was released in 2007
Stretchy means they can buy it 3 sizes too small and squeeze their ass into it while pretending like their muffin top isn't an issue.
Oh you and your whit, so clever.
Yet Ashe has a higher winrate than Kalista... Geee Ashe sucks
The article went into it repeatedly; I'm surprised OP titled this "... and no ability to form memories" when the article is mainly about her *ability* to form new memories without a hippocampus.
I hear Nazism is kinda cool.
Man United flair, probably American
is this real life?
Finally, starting to get pissed off looking at my characters mostly being ugly pointy blood elves
No nobody ever played a classic game except you
But she's like super cool, and a scientist!
Well, it is my firmly held religious belief that you should throw yourself on your spouses funeral pyre.
What we do is once new sets come out we leave them at MSRP for about a week and then afterwards they go up about %10-%20.
Only a matter of time before fat hate and racism are falsely compared.
Yep, get a real phone.
DON'T FORGET AUTISM
Kissimmee / Orlampa
Loot is supposed to be this rare!1!1!11
well, it smells and tastes that way so ... xD
If a tumbleweed prancing on the wind isn't proof Jesus died for your sins, I don't know what is.
Nah, it's gotta be a lot more than 20%
I'm no expert, but slowly driving around a neighborhood playing the pedophile's anthem sounds like a terrible idea.
This clip could get you in to C9
11/10, really original joke, great humor and definitely in the running for Best Joke 2015 - IGN
He has a point, so many comments are just the same, if only anyone took the time to actually read them
islanders are already in the playoffs and frankly, i think its just plain reckless that they are risking his health playing in this one
Reddit is making me question my blackness.
such good critical thinking!
It's clearly his most useful ability, the shadows are smart, cunning, and fast.
Is that why it's broken now?
Guess I should've put a
Plus, skinny girls have it way easier in general remember!
I think he meant "*Top* Gear" no longer exists so the name "*Neutral* Gear" is fitting because it similarly doesn't exist.
Maybe he's trying to make him like Liverpool so he can come here on a free in the summer?
TIL SEC can't read a map.
This is what happens when you vaccinate your kids
But the online ones totally take place in the same universe.
You mean "population transfer" right?
Well obviously, who's going to find the "curvy" ladies attractive, certainly not the "curvy" men because no one wants them.
There's nothing boring with NDRRMC or the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council!
If this was unexpected for you, it means you're a sexist shitlord.
OMG the next Spelunker Z game
Women of reddit... I think you can guess why
That doesn't work though, it doesn't rhyme.
I agree, they should've polled the fix to the corp glitch too.
But they're brown!
that show is textbook wish fulfillment.
Lost 2 bonds and no kills, plz jagex fix this so I can easy scape
You ain't fought an asian, till you fought someone from the Ryuku Islands before the 1900's
I believe this is from Viva La Bam.
He is
A woman was a victim of abuse, but the real tragedy here is that a Nice Guy didn't get the sex he deserved until he was 19 years old.
unbanned form solo que.. have fun ^^
Texan sex ed.
GIT GUD SCRUBS
What does SW stand for?
Developers will make console quality games for Android with all that GPU power!
You should just say person.
It's not about the cartoon, you silly people, it's about French people occupying France, just like Jews that occupy Judea.
Yep I play for the story, not the multiplayer
TIL people in Russia with Fetishism, exhibitionism, voyeurism, mental disorders and those transgender/transsexuals create 100% of road accidents.
Because I forget to add
yeah or you know, they pushed random shit and got a few surprise kills against them.
people on this subreddit are so much better than the pros they could join the team and suddenly have 100% winrate, so ofc they flame the pros when they know so much more than them
And religion, better vote for gods candidate when you could die any day now.
Yes, I won the opportunity and was able to score a couple good seats.
There are non-combat films?
And look how terribly its working out!
Players like him must be banned from the game on a ground that they provide their team with an uncompetitive advantage
Ha, I actually do :)
What you don't go up to someone who looks different to you, and therefore is *obviously* not from the same country as you, and ask where they actually came from?
well whoever this fenwick guy is obviously isn't watching the game
Yay I'm so excited for G.E.
Maybe her game should be banned for being so sexist
Just like TCU is the next powerhouse
Obviously the men were in the wrong, you can't reject sex from a woman, thats oppressing their sexual needs.
But only the first season :(
No, send the Samurai; because Keanu.
You're just part of the conspiracy, man.
You dropped you
So that he can play two games at the same time playing The Evil Within and The Last of Us simultaneously, duh.
Teen charged with assault on an officer and resisting arrest.
Politically
Rekt
Because clearly the treatment we give prisoners now leads to less recidivism, so why not make the conditions even worse!
Yeah, women are totally looking for LESS birth control options to be available.
How can I get a job at Achievement Hunter?
Sorry, I must have dropped this
man, i wish i had overspent more on my twenty credit cards and 6 overdrafts godammit.
BUT CLAY MATTHEWS HAD TEH CONCUSSION I'M SURE OF IT, IT'S A CONSPIRACY, PACKERS SHOULD LOSE DRAFT PICKS!
He can't top this, it's only downhill from here.
Or even upgrade homeless people to be mobile wifi hotspots.
I'm so glad we are being taught to not rape, its just like we are rape robots programmed to rape unless told otherwise!
'We don't dehumanize women and think of them as abstract body parts'.
I don't see any Atheist figures cominy out and denouncing this guys reactions
Yeah lots of closet racists have long term relationships with black people to hide their secret racism
Oh yes, drinking underage is SOOOO fine.
That makes sense.
Somebody isn't a Mensa member
Yeah it's as difficult as installing new drivers!
Do short stories written in crayon placed in supermarket aisles count as published?
Sounds perfectly legit.
Well, she didn't go to an IIT.
Minus the sex it sounds like you had a good day.
One flakes off, the other doesn't
It's only called clash of CLANS... You don't actually need a clan
But you don't understand, its ok because the man is poor.
Truly breaking down race barriers, decades of white rights have led to this
Because history lessons are tools of the patriarchy, you shitlord.
Unfortunately they outlawed slavery, amirite?
Because nobody should be left out of having fun.
Russia haters, I expect to be briefed in great detail how this is ordered by Putin
BUT THEY SAID THEY WERE GONNA REMOVE THAT SOON
They are a good "christian" group after all!
Good guy OP, making assumptions about other people's lives
Notice the
You just can't handle the truth!
Bro it's racing slicks or nothing!
No, he is expected to wait for her to pull the mace out of her purse before he can defend himself
But Apple's don't get viruses!
Very true, forgot about that.
In Australia it is really irrational fear, we get maybe 4,000 at the most a year... BUT NOOO heaven forbid people fleeing war/famine/persecution seek a peaceful prosperous nation
Well honestly it would be awful to be one of those types of black people, because then you'd be robbing them of their valuables.
Whoa mate, trigger warning.
I'm sure they'll see the "no trespassing" sign and just turn around and leave
Naw man Downie the dolphin would never to that.
Ouch, that $2500 fine has really got to sting after his $300000 payday.
No
Nope I can totally do a table saw, miter saw and all that in my apartment!
Nah, according to republicans, midterms went perfectly fine and gave them a mandate to impeach obama.
Yea, it was probably rigged by the local news network for ratings right?
YMS Request: The Holy Mountain because it's foreign and artsy and I don't like it
*a solid defensive defenseman and a number 1 centre*
[](/redditlogo)
Master of Orion 3
We one shot everything, this game is too easy.
I can't possibly mansplain, since I have Gender Identity Disorder (This is not a joke), and thus represent all womankind and also naked mole rats (This is a joke).
Well, nobody can claim the Frsnch are pretentious about their food
Yeah.. I mean hitting 500k+ viewers during the summit 2 is nothing.. and 6 big lans in the past 2 months with 200k+ viewers each is just terrible.
forgot your
le le le node ammarite?
So boring to watch a team go 19-2...
That would actually be good news too.
Thank goodness the truth master has arrived.
That's only because you're closer to the equator
Yeah, cuz that's a major one, too
Well it costs money to setup those spy rings
fokn wot m8 Btw, you should tag this as spoiler
Yes, remove our guns and the militarized police will go away.
Yeah because it's not like the group of bikers was ever going to attack the driver or his family.
Yeah man those doctors don't know what they're talking about
Have you subscribed to the subreddit by hitting the green Subscribe button on the left?
But can it melt steel beams?
that would mean that cristianity was no cult in itself.
you'd have to be following GG even less than me (and i've paid little attention to it) to know that it wouldn't be brought up in this ama.
No problem!
Excuse me, but heterosexual sex is *literally* rape, and you should put a trigger warning next time ok thx bye.
Not just west, center too
Behemoth!
Classic Chad(stein)
Man, that was some serious defensive shit going on.
how is this any mor nsfw then the rest of kill la kill?
Also, a good rule of finger.
Cool is when my anus meets Preparation H.
Yeah...pussy apologists...
women's emotional labor vs male suicide rate... Which hurts society more?
Getting naked, at home of course.
This isn't an outrageous solution with that Oline
real
Meaning?
if you can host a host a football game, you can host a futbol game.
Your story is so vague that it's impossible to even guess at.
Those people are all terrorists.
Why are you talking about wrestling?
Hug me.
The first rule of Surveillance Club...
250 California
I am mummykin who is currently all wrapped up with my SO.
Shitposting ironically is still shitposting, but I'd take a shitpost over a picture with a fake story behind it that was simply made up for a karma grab.
I bet your answers were hilarious, that's why they made it into the video.
Obama advocates for Universal background checks, this sick guy passed a background check, ergo, this guy went through the same checks obama wanted, so essentially, it's like obama saying "Well, you passed, here's your gun".
It pretty much was.
Leave a stinking dump in the cup, then hand it to a Dallas fan and say good luck this December
depends on how many times you've done it
Two of my favorite things!
Five-percenter much?
How does that work?
First quarter of this millennium...
Good joke :) But, *I identify* with this story and thus self-identify with Rachel's struggle for myself, even though I wasn't born with it.
Central NY here, been paying 35 an eighth for a very long time, never realized that was considered very good.
I'll adopt her.
Thanks, mate.
this calls for a "fire all the programmers" meme
She quift on my face
You thought science couldn't oppress me.... You were wrong.
I laughed out loud and then muttered "aww fuck, we're a bunch of assholes"...
Don't touch W, bind jumps to your scroll wheel and practice on proper maps first
I'd like to show you the importance of gun safety -proceeds to fire down range without looking where he is shooting.
Of course!
I'm doing great, thanks!
Goddamnit TomRiddleJr, why you gotta be so fast on that keyboard?
I'm not saying no games ruin better, just that the majority run slower.
its merely the start ;)
And I'm sure that their actions were a complete and accurate reflection of every other member in that congregation
Lamb Badam Pasanda
Congrats!
It's probably the combination of great artist, good skin &amp; proper placement of the piece.
Sex accident probably.
You may have an issue with paranoia man, you sound like you are pretty tightly wound up and you act like everyone is in a conspiracy to get you Relax move on with your day and admit you may need to research more about gender issues
You might want to mark this [Answered] if you are satisfied.
RIP in peace Dindu Nuffin 4/20/1999 - 4/20/420
You got any RAM available for download?
Literally pay to win
Thank god we've got this champ here to show who and who isn't a "real" gamer.
I can't wait to see how Fox News portrays all of these "welfare queens" and mil-mil government moochers.
Because she can.
I think it's more that the people who come to r/fireteams are looking for raid groups, not groups in general.
I bet the strawberries aren't even locally grown
I'll ignore the color, but I can't ignore that it says "my love" all over it.
That too yeah.
but but but but it's *NEXT GEN*
14 Day Vacation for toxic chat behavior incoming
You mean 2/4
foiled again, damn
ya we now best frenz y3y
How did that survive the death star explosion, but anakins got cut in half like it was paper
And what do you plan on doing in that 1/2 second of warning time?
but we could outlaw fatpeople
I am a democracy now And you are still a dictatorship
I don't understand the correlation, can you flesh it out more?
great idea
I want him to do deus-ex.
What are those other ships to the right of her?
we take little victories where we find them
Inb4 Ironwood is Weiss's dad.
I know that, but he's idea about radiant materials being used for all future raids it's what I was agreeing with.
its a drawing ... ffs
Well that's not true, disc is awesome for raid healing as well, disc can do both at the same time easily.
God that would have been awful,I wouldn't want the Pats to be using our training center and our home lockeroom(the Broncos used both)
no you need more vit.
Ukis ti saba (peel of a banana) -benguet expression of dismay
ME: nice try on the hate, tho.
Come now don't be an intolerant shitlord!
He was licking your leg hare?
oh man....not to get asoiaf nerdy on you...but if you think the tyrells dont have any true power, strap in for s5 (or read the books, ya just read the books)
Nah man, he's too boring to be relevant
Given the amount of traffic of not-dead students going through the third-floor corridor throughout the year, probably rather low.
Why did I just watch that?
WHO?
The process can matter as much as the outcomes, burning through 6-9 pitches just to get someone out could mean the difference between a 7 inning outing and getting the showers after a rally in the fifth.
Yes, I guess that's why Las Vegas has abolished all dice games.
Pop the trunk!
Forg1ven and Innerflame recently said that Fox is a top mid, and Gambit isn't a that much better place to go than CLG.
Clearly Didi and Drew
Good question, at this point it just becomes an uploader for the music that they can't match.
Silly Shitlord, women never lie about rape.
No it actually charges it
I like your neutral karma for this shit comment.
There's most likely a contract that's doesn't allow them to disclose much information
My main issue with the psp, aside from the crash issues with the game, is that the move wheel is somewhat broken, it's like when you use a faulty controller on a game system, it just makes the character or cursor move sporadically.
but the blobs have spikes on SW zac, so its worth 975
It's Germany, so we probably just dump it where the gypsies live and light it up with no afterthought.
It's just funny that you are doing exactly what I said I dislike.
I can't upvote this enough.
You say you might be able to swallow it but I don't know if CLB would pay that much
jmods and boaty.
I think this is quite common in anime.
But their fee fees were hurt!
It seems to me that based on your math you should only be 90% frustrated...
What is Polygyny?
WE DID IT REDDIT!
If you were smart you'd buy all the decorations so you could sell them when your storages aren't full
turns out drip feeding hot pictures of nana is a legitimate strategy to selling a fibre drink
Get the out of that situation before she fucking kills you.
8135 * 890 * 0.05 = 362007XP So he has gotten about 362k XP from just the 5% free XP bonus per match.
They certainly seem like a cautious bunch of fellows and definitely not dipshits.
I'm not sure, but i think ranked is going to be blocked, as we can see from the videos and images released.
His newish stuff has been fairly disappointing I've found :(
woah you went ahead there, how did we discover A and B?
our bullpen didnt have it like for ever
Way to go dog oppressor!
Are you trying to tell me that kitty isn't actually good at CSGO?
yeah, but she doesn't have any power so it's not sexist
Yup.
I'll have her call you back when I'm done.
5,0,5,1,5,2,5,3,5,4 yup all have 3 patches .
Right I forgot they added a mini-gun-bow to the game, where you can fire 100 arrows per second.
Have you seen the Paddington movie?
That's proof that homosexuality exists in nature.
you forgot
Clippity Clop my ungulate brother.
He also had a mother, so...
Does anyone have any info on this or the actual source?
Samuel L Jackson was a president and his campaign slogan was that he was tired of those mother fucking snakes on a plane
No one does, fuck the meta
Oh OH is he going to hire ~~acorn~~ the Koch brothers to bus illegals in to fill out the crowd?
Working as intended
Your forgot the
Mine is too and I worked until 8 last night, but it was still horrible.
Cerasinus Fusces
It was about states' rights, not slavery!
Steven Hawking will never get paid again
It's not like it was essential to the plot, or anything...
didn't notice the gas was almost empty until i saw the second pic!
Yeah those extra four years of insurance for an athlete that ran his head into people at full sprint for the school is really going to a be a huge detriment
That's the coolest thing I've even seen.
Yes, corner cases totally justify knee jerk reactions.
So your position is that her job sucks regardless of how many hours she has to do it or how much she gets paid?
But with them being banned, racism will end.
White cucumber sounds lovely.
It says it all, people just fake stuff as they have no real evidence to prolong their poor choice in careers.
Since when does American consent mattered to politicians?
LOL i know where that place is.
Looks like Origen is going to be getting some new games!
he dindu nuffin , he waz a gud booii , could'v beeeen a doctaaar or a lawyrrr
Wait shouldn't we be doing that thing where we determine race is a huge component, expect these were just some morons?
Then bug it on somehow :D
OP this person is right the darker and blurrier the picture is , the better we can identify it.
Ahh, the school system is just great isn't it?
Oh I meant it as it kills the one before it.
D-Did you guys see the size of that...chicken?!
I just wanted to say that gentrification was bad, I didn't actually want to stop it
She sounds like a wonderful mother and an even better wife
Gee wiz mister, wouldn't have known!
Implying that NY'ers who can't stand the very sight of a pickup, and who obsess about controlling other people, are probably also anti-gun "liberal" idiots.
Couldbeworse54 already has that with Sherman AND AP.
It's a small country.
(Note, i have been extremely triggered by your gender binary bigotry) um excuse me, anuses are not specific to any one gender and its extremely *buzzword* of you to say that you piece of shit please kill yourself
You prolly don't know but that would better refer to the last pope
It's like the comment section on IGN.
He's a serious musician now.
Bull terriers are obviously a dangerous breed.
I find it hard to believe, but he's only 10!
Would it even have Windows?
They could be in a vacuum, you never know
Wow, GG says that all white people are literally members of KKK, that sounds awful SJW to me.
I fail to see how standing in a line outside for six hours is worth $75 off...
Your console was too slow!
Why talk about mr when you can just lifesteal the hps you lose to a mage.
Those stats were fabricated by The Patriarchy, you fool.
Nothing says mature life partner like sharks and roombas.
Russian is better than Dickie V. right?
What did the Browns or Bucs give him a tryout or something?
You used this meme wrong, so you obviously have no idea what you're talking about.
Nostalgia tho
Clearly LoL came before dinosaurs
Well that's specific.
I believe you.
Interesting that reddit understands this for gf food but not minimum wage...
Uhh, bye.
Misunderestimated?
You shut your mouth about Crazy Frog.
Yeah, its not like the strong safety ever have to defend against the pass....
Did we ever actually see him get out of there?
Only Verizon
Yeah, OP should be doing healthy things like drinking and drugs like the rest of the 20 year olds!
Are we the Titans grind team?
In other words, please put your hands in my drink, yeah that's totally something I'd be interested in...
I recognize that she is very attractive, but I don't like her butt.
LOLNO PC GAMING IS DEAD
Go to gym, video games, calculus homework.
They must be using the phrase to indicate the inner turmoil of the characters.
There isn't a problem persay, but it could look like he only reported him to get that job position.
You need to check your privilege.
You've done that before?
Yeah right
Because unless this crap is posted constantly heightism wins!
they really need to get onto that
But what if you had 200 kids, hmmm?
But then how else am I going to brag about my 1337 haxz0r skillz without showing around my Arch install?
I don't know how 3k is racist at all.
Not Dallas.
if you want something you never had, but have everything, you're fucked.
I think we could do it now if it weren't for political instability around the world.
Islamists are the subset of Muslims who subscribe to political Islam and would try to find a way to replace democratic laws of the land with the Sharia.
Only $75 wow...
They spam so many racist links in that sub I think they sometimes get confused and slip up.
She is a Japan import,coming from a very famous japanese kennel,she should have cost a lot of money ;)
Were in such good company..
I ate today!
Scheming no doubt
Well, you know, those menacing 17 year old girls with pot brownies...dangerous stuff....
This whole sustainable, new, green way of doing business is really working.
Haha well I only eat a 40g portion of the granola at a time!
Looks exactly like the PS4
Ha ha ha ha... A week and you're so frustrated?
I think it would be rd foldername
I just tried it, same results.
April's fools!
they should really look into this
If he was he probably would know better than to avoid Whig.
Because Christians are a little teeny tiny suffering minority.
HE JUST DIDNT MAKE IT THIS TIME!
Devalues glories.
Don't use locked canera
You don't need good graphics to make a good game either; That's why we're all still playing Commander Keen.
..the rest of the article?
You paint with words
Yeah, but he's shooting a gun, so he must be a redneck.
HEAT, because they need to melt the snow.
Homophobic attacks seem productive to the conservation, I really want to agree with your point of view now.
Lamar is where it's at
Duh, anyone who can't inhale 10,000 calories in one sitting is *clearly* anorexic.
Race relations certainly have improved!
So kinda like Georgia or maybe Alabama.
Maybe Alonso had #1 status and Ferrari were sabotaging Kimi?
Alexis stole her house and then acted like a beast
So bad
Also r/rpgdesign too.
Please, but it better have a fucking boat in it.
Have you not heard of American exceptionalism?
Well, if anyone would be a leading expert on Genocides, it would be Germany, Russia and Cambodia.
That's the same logic I use for keeping all my passwords as 12345, odds are no one will hack me so I'm perfectly safe.
All part of a plan to stop European giants buying him
gosh stealing my idea
Unpopular Opinion: Let's just remove Apoc all together because it really isn't fucking fun anymore.
It actually makes me less beautiful By comparison, so it *does* affect me.
Because people don't communicate like that in real life.
I love all the completely reasonable and unbiased opinions that Toronto sports media has regarding recent events and the Oilers
False rapes don't happen, they just haven't proven him guilty!
USSR, Cuba, safety of migrants, largest charitable organization on earth, Yeah no sense
Ha I'm sure the first thing they'd do is pay his family compensation
Because the first time we changed a rule because of an injury it turned out so well
Same here in WA now!
You're not being sensitive to the millions of women who've been raped by dogs.
It's well known that attractive men prefer fat Tubblrinas.
At least he asked if it was okay with you for him to be your boyfriend and for your number, right?
[Cut the pills in half and take 4 halves, one of each.]
Would love to try some juice, and review them afterwards... Thanks!
But you might accidentally be gay then bro!
i get the feeling the US government will ignore the shit out of this claim
I've got the solution for you: install Norton Security.
We can say we're doing our part to curb global overpopulation.
Im guessing Team Secret
I Think you mean "the South of France."
That's because the one you're reading about and this program are the same thing.
Vikings 1st season spoiler: [Gyda :(]
is that a haiku?
I knew the Greeks were responsible for this homosex!
Yeah all economics professors are right wing corporate shills!
No, no, no, men deserved to get slashed up and killed in video games because we play/make some videos games where you kill womyn!
All I just read was "maybe people shouldn't be considered people"
Close, I am one province over in Alberta
Yeah I would be perfectly able to understand if it wasn't for that obvious grammatical error.
0/5 Needs more orange.
How does a Kangaroo disguise itself as an Emu?
About such disgusting, vulgar Satanic desires!
You guys know what you've just done if OP has malicious intent right?
Try just opening a completely black image and a completely white image?See if you can spot one maybe
Typical women, just can't take the man's story at face value
Doesn't matter still held accountable for negligence.
That's because it is scary and dangerous!
Bud Light
But they don't get an occasional guaranteed hit that almost definitely is 100% anyways!
I feel just awful
hm... gonna ask him.
I don't care about white people, sorry.
This comment makes sense.
Messaging the wrong twitter is way worse than a cop shooting a kid and tarnishing the reputation of good cops.
Maybe it was a tyrannical rule which finished Buddhism from a once entirely Buddhist nation (India).
Man , Chris Kyle gets shot , and this sniper too?
I didn't even know Tony Abbott had melanoma
What's jive?
Right, because all of their other locations are clearly failing.
So tell me, while he was at it -- providing secret Russian documents to EU and stuff -- did he vote for Hitler too?
'cause men can't be raped/harrassed
IB does give me the incentive to lag, only reason I even have shitty Internet!
Why would he do this when he already has Derek Carr as his QB?
Oh no, Paige is our pale overlord and nothing she does is even a modicum short of being perfect.
If Chris' favourite doomsday fantasy was jumping off a bridge, I don't think community members should be asking him to perform an interview on the walkway of the Golden Gate.
You're only allowed one Reddit username and one Twitter account per lifetime, so nobody will ever hear from this guy again.
But they know the secrets that make ladybits tingle!
Libertarian are retarded though.
thanks for the suggestion, I really enjoyed the videos
Good thing you're not 100% sure.
It's the Yes chant that's over, not Bryan
That's a good place to put your added unsprung weight.
Because we can assume that anyone with a gun or explosives is immediately a homicidal maniac.
Oh course not, they had their time in the sun, we've got new news to care about now
Sorry, let me just change that
True fan right here.
They were just reclaiming from the evil whiteys was was rightfully theirs.
Downvoted for using confuse ray you scrub.
Yeah.... That corvette team always has sucked at Le Mans.
He was obviously lying in wait to pounce on her in the restroom....
It's not as though their front page includes the race of the individual in 80% of the headlines or anything
But she didn't actually cheat so she's in the clear right?
Because they've been trained by SJW that you must get a verbal yes or it is rape.
But you have to have a stamp and not everyone can afford stamps and that's a form of a poll tax and the racist GOP doesn't want blacks to vote
Damn, too bad they are 35" x 33" I'm more of a 31" waist.
Even in the days of streaming music?
dude, you seriously need to stop watching flash and do some goddamn research.
What if they are actual Evil Geniuses and just mess up every roster before cbus where 4 of them team together?
Yeah, it's like she's never even asked about her...
How cuuute.
Caravan Caravan Caravan
Ah yes, reddit will hate this anti-woman sentiment!
That's the best part!
W-w-wait, are you trying to tell me that feminism *isn't* about enslaving men and using them as breeding machines?
But people should have the freedom to choose whether or not to be exploited
Time to take a long walk off a tall building....
Who wants to put make up on animals anyway?
Yeah, I think there's too much Emma Watson here.
Xir cannot afford an apartment without donations!
THANKS OBAMA.
WHY, SEND DEATH THREATS, OF COURSE!
You too
I completely understand, you know with karma being so important and valuable and all...
But he's black so it is societies fault and he was an innocent victim.
My user name should be read with
If there's not an SEC team in the playoff, did you really win a national championship?
Because he's the only person in the world to have a website
Except when you are playing Centaur, in which case, stack hearts
Who is this 4chan person?
It's not gay if you're pitching.
Especially now when Lebron regressed to Alonzo Gee.
A pessimist, what a surprise.
Because that is completely irrelevant, the only thing that matters are his pee pee's fee fees.
yeah, if you don't make the playoffs, you must be a boring team
So glad I get to watch the Redskins/Giants game instead!
Let the never-ending Harbaugh talk continue.
I don't see what all this fuss is about; you can just download more ram.
He's a denier, not a skeptic.
Yeah Alexander Shuglin was a complete fucking idiot... he knows nothing...
Post something stupid in a serious thread
Your dad has insecurities over the size of his penis
I wish.
Why does it matter who's better?
What the fuck does this even mean
There has to be a clear way to add grip.
so you're saying that he *shouldn't* delete his facebook and go to the gym to get over this
You are only born with the proclivity to be a nudist if you were born to a nudist family idiot.
Why not?
Like a neckbeard, double chin, and a Rainbow Dash t-shirt.
It can't be rape if they want it
The distance alone was incredible.
Lets thank our fine Men and Women in Blue for an outstanding trash-cleanup year!
This is hilarious.
Yeah that's what I thought about the PSU and thanks for the info on the RAM and CPU
He deserves it.
But then they'd complain about the villain being black...
If she were really lucky, I might let her diddle my fupa a little bit.
Probably from the camera on *Voyager* that shot the picture.
Kevin is the new editor, Holly and Projared were guests on Grumpcade and Valentines Day videos respectively and the quality of the show has gone way up since the thumbnails got changed back.
Called a chubby girl @ Fat ... on an anonymous internet forum where her picture was posted
But his condishuns!
I'm a mod here now.
So if I write that with my shit it becomes RS related?
Because the DEA Schedules the drugs and they can do whatever they want with that schedule.
HODOR?
Wouldn't that be hilarious if we had the same birthday?
I can't even log in now
You say that...
*cough*Secret Weapon*cough*
Please explain why
My grandma drives a Subaru.. :(
Well, you're clearly just a shill.
You are right.
where's kickalicious?
What's a handle?
Cerci's card is already unreal, I wonder what his player card looks like.
Haha alright, thank you.
Not everyone gets jokes I guess
The first few seasons of sb were phenomenal.
You say that like it would be a bad thing, lol
Interesting that both games featured shit weather.
Its ok, just thought I'd explain where the downvotes came from
SO MUCH JUSTICE
in the end, the only winners are the bankers.
is it just me or is this the shittiest wallpaper ive ever seen in my life
There weren't cows in Wickham 500 years ago
Question: you say it can be transferred to a bank, can it be transferred to Paypal or a giftcard?
Once our technology is far enough along VR/AR devices will be the same device if you ask me.
Because for 1080p the increase in memory won't produce any real gains in fps.
Do the questions at the end of the chapter, but also the example problems that are typically sprinkled throughout the chapter.
yes we purebred reddit users are so much better than those leetle keeds
At this rate I will have an AllClear ID account for life.
BURN
Well, I was kind of being sarcastic, but I mean for multiple printers just send pages 1-30 to printer 1, 31-60 to printer 2, ect.
I cringe every time I see those head shots with the chair.
b-but... m'lady :(
Amap is good
Trigger warning on the word "thick" please
Then driving off a cliff.
No, this *is* the community service.
there are, but they're like unicorns
And then you have people like me who need to learn how not to die... I can get frags easy, but I will do something extraordinarily stupid almost every round and end up leading the team in most deaths...
I love this one.
THANK GOD.
You state this like you feel before the riot people weren't getting ~~beat up~~killed like Freddi Gray by the cops.
The most obnoxious voice ever.
Yeah, I just mentioned it as another example to vamp teeth's vampire boobs.
It's pretty much always okay.
You aren't getting spammed with dozens of Heist invites?
GIT!
Buc-ee's + CHAdeMO = captive audience for 45 minutes...
but its ok if we are talking about cops.
Sean Miller or Archie Miller if we are unable to pry Sean away.
Pretty much, because Europe urbanized way before highways were a thing lots of major roads end in the center of a city or at a T with another major road, which is why you will find tons of those interchanges and very few 4-ways.
Any idea when 5.0 is supposed to go mainstream for the HTC One M8 ?
This is the kind of stuff we used to joke about and now he is literally doing them
I thought editorializing titles was welcomed here in r /politics?
Deja de objetivizarlas shitlord!
It's about limiting how many people can get the ivory, it's showing the poachers that it will not make it to the end users.
Rene Bourque suits are all made from contract buyouts, horrible material really
Thats the only thing i don't like about MLG.
You can have a small toilet inside a house without it being a bathroom.
Fucking pleb.
Maybe a Star Wars prequel, but thematically it was extremely different from the OT.
That's what I was afraid of.
thats why he said rip
and in two she'll be the CEO
much wow
Pretty sure student licenses prohibit commercial use
It isn't
Skyler
W
Nope, but treats are readily accepted - "Feel free to interrupt my thoughtful interlude with baby carrots, hooman"
There's not exactly a drought in Baltimore.
I also enjoyed the cliched and generic plotline and severely watered down characters in the rebuilds.
England doesn't even compare to the Old Firm never mind continental Europe... I've been to games in Northern Ireland with 4,000 people that trounce Premiership games for atmosphere.
Thanks for doing this!
misandry!
I thought this was a serious question?
forgive me, I'm culturally stupid, what's a Japanese topping for a hot dog?
Better not.
1996 is really old I don't think that's possible I mean the Earth had only been around for 2015 years
And if they're red, blue still isn't really being 'neckbeard'-y, just a dick.
Yes it was on the news.. they tried to steal beer and police took them away after this incident.
You must be a gang member.
There is a Taco Bell in Avondale/Goodyear that not only has the original sign but the building is still from the 80s.
I can't believe she is risking that sun dress doing a keg stand!
Loadup fallout 3 and new Vegas in the background, that should lower your fps a decent amount.
Why doesn't happen to me?
But why would someone lie on the Internet?
Isn't this a common sci-fi trope?
But it's on by default, and a lot of new console owners don't know that.
I nominate this for the sigil
Or he could hold out for more money.
Wouldn't Asomugha be a "Dream Team" Eagles Great?
He suffered from extreme mental disorders from the thought of his love interest being sexual satisfied from a black man, it wasn't his fault
The archer class is really made up of archers!
How odd of you to think that
Black people need to check their African American privilege
ITT: people who assume that tumblr and a complete academic discipline are interchangeable.
Cand cineva spune 'sistem de computere de ultima generatie' e clar ca nu stie mare lucru despre computere si vorbeste pentru presa (care nici ea nu stie mare lucru).
There's no such thing as a useful Tog.
He probably just found a cure for it, that no doctor has been able to find yet.
WAKE UP SHEEPLE
I'm surprised they don't close for a muslim holiday on 9/11 as well.
Sorry that I inferred what your words implied.
Ha ha no its your fault I was creepy
WE MUST GO DEEPER
Haha, thanks for the conversation.
Guys just act normal, and talk about waifus like usual
Bro do you even Ephesians?
All this gay marriage.
0-4
That's right, I forgot that every other countries laws are based on America's actions.
Dismembered my lovely female assistant.
Because I'll make it up later but right now, I'm feeling pretty fucking spectacular.
No, people in the UK speak Arabic, Urdu, Punjabi, Polish, Belgali and Swahili.
I herd u liek mudkipz?
Change it to a no DQ match, legit beat him with a fucking chair.
IT'S OVER FIVE INCHES!!!
Yeah, that tattoo is super hilarious...
That's just not true
I don't understand why comfortable ignorance and denial now is somehow preferrable to putting in some work and at least tripling your lifespan.
We should really start prosecuting people with #BlackLivesMatter, #HandsUpDontShoot, and #PointerGate t-shirts because, you know, they are all probably shoplifting and dealing drugs.
He's looking for dat female model FA told him he deserves cuz he's fine da way he is.
The tollbooth is real!
Good thing all of the welfare and social security money is being used efficiently
Ya Expo 86 was a disaster.
A chair?
i can't be certain but i think it was Kahlua
Yes
I'm shocked
BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW TO WHIRLWIND.
Froggen sucks right?
He looks to be 17, judging by his flair.
I enjoined using the skins while I did, so I have no regrets.
Yeah whatever, but have they found out if blood-letting is *really* just bullshit?
Burning is so good at last hitting, chuan will finally have a carry he doesnt have to ping and flame.
Not that giving Rollins and Ambrose the chance to tear the house down together would do either of them any good.
People want other people to be tolerant of them, and are not tolerant themselves... Makes total sense.
ODDSWAYER
Masturbate
Yeah that is not at all shady
But can I dropkick them?
Yes, that's what I said.
No you are wrong, you don't understand, he is the musical genius of our generation
Fed ex drivers only turn right on delivery routes, or so I hear.
The old vote for minister cock n balls
This xpac will be different!
Permanent brain freeze and diabeetus.
CHIKEN RETURNS
Submit some good content?
Such a new idea
It's pretty much pure perfection imo
Fragile: Handle with Care
Maybe the first ten times.
Thanks for spoiling American history for me, asswipe.
It's only self-determination if we say it's okay.
You make an excellent argument.
AS IT GODAMN SHOULD BE
Next thing you know, green will get any ramp cards banned, because ramp being only in green pushes players into green
It was my dream for MCC to be a f2p game with micro transactions.
Living on the farm is a lifestyle choice right?
Invisibility is being developed with metamaterials iirc.
you forgot the
HOW DARE THEY SHAME THE GREAT LORD OOLONG!
You know that's a looped GIF?
You forgot to add *x-post from r/creepy*.
Can confirm, also like to play chicken with random strangers.
Of course it is...
And don't even think about asking for a wedding cake.
Get 85 dung for the rewards and frosts
Because you choose to be on life support
At one point I was #8 in the world for Counterstrike on original Xbox...then some kid on the internet told me to go outside and get pussy so I did...never came back
gross
But it's all fine, I'm not a terrorist, why should I be worried?
Purples are an enigma on the human condition
So does Byron Scott
Yes.
Yes because baseball players are not athletes.
Yeah, cause withdrawal isn't real
Sounds like good job security to not ask to many questions
Sounds like a very Trotskyist thing to do!
Almost definitely.
Jeez, why does it matter so much to you if she smokes?
He's racist!
We don't want those meskins brainwashing our children into thier satanic drug gangs.
Yes cuz you didn't know this already
look at how "*dark*" season 6 is
Yeeeaaaah, the strongest Servant is the worst.
That doesn't work?
HAVING A VAGINA DOESN'T MAKE YOU FEMALE SHITLORD OMG CIS SCUM MAKE ME SO SICK
3.5 / 4
What this city really needs is more condos
I just want the front lip!
mike harris
Have you ever done these things?
but blizzard has gold for USD now :\^)
Yeah, "let's murder more cops, I bet that'll make them less violent" seems like a great idea!
Obviously fake, everyone knows people in the UK dont have guns like le dumb Amerikkkans XD
you forgot an
Is there another way to eat hot dogs?
That's racist!
Real mature username
*It's your day, but if you're going to celebrate your day you better as fuck pay thousands of dollars to get us all drunk for one day* Makes total sense
Nah man, I deserve everything for free
Dunno, that 99$ Horse genital mod is tempting.
Welcome the League of Cinderhulk where 5k hp is the bare minimum, unless you're an ADC; cause fuck you.
We need to know about that night out in LA with Moz and Russel Brand
* Black President * Black chief of police * Black mayor * 9/15 city councilmen of black * 56% of the police force are black * 65% of Baltimore is black * Baltimore has been Democrat since 1967 * Maryland only had 2 Republican governors since 1967 * 15/15 councilmen are Democrats But white people and Republicans are the problem
That's what those mind controllers want you to think.
Best that money can buy.
I wonder if his source is the NUFC barber
I don't know why you're down-voted so hard... but that was beautiful.
Haha yeah, rape is funny when it happens to men lol
Open some packs, that helps a lot...
How dare he do his job as a defense lawyer....
Um sir locking you in a cage isn't coercion it's your responsibility.
Look at you, being able to read and shit.
I've seen a shitload of this bullshit on 4chan
she is right on #1 because her pc has more expierience than yours and older than it = better
president
It was all drunk =(
Didn't you know that men are to blame for all of their own problems?
Women obviously don't have anything of value to say though, so it's okay if we cover them up and can't communicate properly.
Fascinating
Yeah, not torturing innocent people is for hippies!
Thank you for sticking to the bus, can't have you on the plane scaring those Jesus loving White people.
No no no, it's "if at first you don't succeed, offer money"
THE DUNK COMTEST IS BACK!
Yes, because Harney and Sons tea is just *awful*.
C
Definitely the MSC bookstore
Yeah, clearly if we said we didn't want to see them the hackers would just delete them
They just want talent without having to pay for it... what's the big deal?
Eating fatty foods put fats inside your body and therefore makes you fatter, it's pretty basic.
but but DLCkill is literally worse than ~~EA~~ Ubisoft
Fuck off, the aierabs should die.
But... but.... think of the CHILDREN!
because "my body - my choice" obviously only applies to women
She's allergic to beans, not nuts!
In the name of everything that is good, amen.
It's all right, I use incognito mode
Goddamn you guys being all reasonable making us look like idiots with pitchforks ----E
Oh yea the tanky dps mage assassin bruiser support jungler burst carry needs buffs
Let's downvote this guy because we don't agree with him
Because all men are the same and like the same things in sex.
The real question is who tricked them into putting them up!
As a transitioning man I think the news of all transitioning people is important and directly relevant to me
Quality post
So glad investment bankers and hedge funds make so much on the low wages these guys get.
Thank god for private, for profit prisons.
y que te parece, cuando menos te lo esperos intel, kingston, y nvidia van a empezar a fabricar en Tierra del Fuego, porque la industria de este pais esta desarrolladisima.
Right, we should do a #Illridwithyou campaign to prevent backlash against peaceful muslims following the religion of peace!
Yes, but the Christians once did too, so you should stop judging
If it is comedy gold, then where is my gold?
When in comes to a 4k bottle of wine from 2011 I wouldn't leave out image and marketing.
Just wait until teams see they can be used for aero...
Yeah... it sucks that you can afford a top-of-the-line processor, but you can't manage the 7% sales tax...
geee i wonder why people would believe that, after all it's not like his people done shit like that before.
Because there is no way that you could do that to your own face while hiding in the woods for 7 weeks and running from the cops.
Well if we don't blindly prosecute every man accused of rape regardless of evidence, then women would be too afraid to report rape!
Did you vote against your self-interests because you were surrounded by white suppression and disenfranchisement, or are you just uneducated?
But, veganism is so much better for you!
Yeah, there definitely won't be any new retirees moving here in the next two years to replace the ones that die.
After all, that's why we exist!
No dude, didn't you see how impressive he was, leading his team into relegations ?
Maybe your stereotypes are boring because Germans are boring...
They aren't Whites only clubs, they just haven't met anyone that wasn't white that they like enough to let in their clubs.
Even cooler that Terry Funk came out of retirement for this.
Yeah, and here I was hoping to buy a new boat with my fake internet points.
But persistence will make her fall in love with me!
but if ISPs become reclassified as utilities, they will be under the scrutiny of the FCC and we all know how much they have our interests at heart
Yo man, that's ableist.
YEAH DUDE MARRY THIS WOMEN FOR A GIFT XDDD
Those Korean immigrants are always causing trouble!
so what I've learned is that i have nothing to worry about... FUCK THE ENVIRONMENT
I'm still convinced this is an alter ego project by Etherwood and Frederic Robinson.
Sounds an awful lot street harassment if you ask me
Because polygamy is legal here
I'm sure you'd make a great pro counter strike player with your ability to see enemies from a GOTV spectator POV and hindsight.
But does he pay them in Bitcoin?
Yes because GTA IV was actually really bad
They're not racist, it's just a cultural misunderstanding!
V?
Yeah just let her die, no way trying to call the police could help at all.
I bet you smell lovely.
I think you're the only one who had that :/
Yeah but he got elbowed in the hip, how is he supposed to perform under these conditions?
Get ready for the 61-58 signs
Didn't see that one coming
ASK ME, HUMANS, FOR I HAVE BREASTS!
That is some solid electrical wiring running down the length of that bridge
I hope you realize you're supporting the patriarchy!
I seek out posts like this so I know exactly what to get my niece for Christmas.
Blame the lag
That's racist!
I especially love when you smell them approaching from a mile away and the perfume lingers behind them like a tail for another mile.
allows him to carry his noob team mate gg he deserve challenger
straight a student i bet.
Somehow I'm not
Villager, Marth and Wii Fit Trainer aren't rare, just wait til after Christmas We've been horribly fucking wrong several times.
Because he killed your father?
In the future, use csharpboiler :) useful tool to log your performance
sigh
Its closer to Anderson than Eastgate, which still makes it just as weird.
MF% has never affected chests, the buff from silverwaste is unique in that way.
Still, better than 0 seconds.
Oh man I do love those jokes about being murdered
I think the Dread Name of SRS comes up often enough (albeit vitriolically), especially in these days of SJW-bashing.
Great, more PSAs
They moved the crafting mode button to below the cards rather than above, such innovative!
I think you mean one is spelled in freedom alphabet.
Can we borrow pete carroll for next season
Like Mod Weath?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
After them angrily posting about how GG was watching Digimon I began to think all of them were lost and spiteful people... and trolls, trolls would love that stuff on both ends.
no problem....just for the extra lazy people around here
Dude...
I would be more worried about the 5+ years part.
Except for the weak acting, I liked it too, I thought it was a good idea.
Extremely OP
It will be in the wreckage of the train railway where all the dead White Fang are crushed by the rocks that Glynda sealed them in with.
Devour their child and give birth to a new one
You bet your fuckin' ass, Canada!
Religously inspired laws have no place within modern society.
That's what she said
It's almost as if he's trying to make himself as unelectable as his father before the 2016 Republican Presidential primaries start.
Yeah I live in a very liberal area, so while people might have strong personal feelings on the subject I never really get shit for it except for from serious proselytizers.
very true
Correction, 1/4 people did it to the rest of us.
But this one have metal not a shit pop song.
Salvage some RAM from an old computer... I have found broken computers at electronics stores that have working ram in them....
Yes but not as good as faggot.
Can't wait to hear some Rock Me Amadeus
inb4 filthy casual
Medium rare or as the chef intends.
Whos cashew?
Burritos?
Wrong finger, though.
And they never will
i love me some hot slogs.
Tumblr bitches watch way too much anime.
It's always great when the rural side wins.
I tried to use ANALRAPIST as my license plate in GTA Online but it wouldn't let me :(
This guy thinks that the 6 russians and 2 peruvians on the team are going to group up when the teamfight breaks out, good joke.
So does thornmail!
Harry Reid is actually the largest obstructionist in the Senate
As someone who has supported printers for years, I'm shocked that I've never seen a meme like this before.
well every helmet I've ever owned has generally smelled like helmet unless something else REALLY noticeable was in the air, like bacon or that one time my brother managed to shit himself
Yay my package .... Wait what was that other .... BUBBLE WRAP :D
We have a football team?
Well he left the mess that is now Libya, and almost (if not for Russia) would've fucked up Syria even more with his "red lines" I believe the main difference is that Cheney made money off the wars.
We understand your concern and will not ask you to risk the success of your mission of observation for our sake.
Yes, it's in the Vault.
I love the smell of generalizations in the morning.
Oooh poor thing.
28 hunter NegatvGhostrider
My birthday is a month before Christmas but for my birthday/Christmas I got myself a Sony Smartwatch 2.
Stop oppressing my oppression!
Boring races though...
Is Viper the only hero with no hands?
I have integrated graphics, you're not alone lol
There are several ... Like the dude that tossed Bryce a couple of weeks ago because he was too busy yelling at Matt Williams to pay attention to whether or not Bryce was still in the batter's box.
She didn't do it for the money.
But I thought we were all overweight virgins
TIL that kids these days aren't allowed to go outside, and *need* to use the Internet.
Jet engines indeed are fascinating peace of technology, but they are still air breathing engines... and therefore we don't go even higher.
holy hell that's the fastest turnaround ever.
Fun fact: you're not even close to correct.
How many palms did you have to lick for this?
shhh let the people who haven't even tried it continue to circlejerk
.. he didn't need the expert the first day though.
IIRC it was the retail price.
Our parliament actually said something that makes sense, that can't be right
Exactly.
erm... okay
What if Stonebank made this?
How do people post stories that are closer to 10,000 words as opposed to 10,000 characters?
You should change the exile text to "exile bloodprint yeti" rather than "exile it".
What, are they all dead in 3?
I wish I were you OP
Wow....and these people still own that poor thing?
Both parties are the same, man so don't vote and just stay home.
Rand knows that he isn't crazy enough to attract many of his daddy's followers, so he's trying to get votes wherever else he thinks he can.
Yes, this is the biggest thing to happen in the last 6 months
Other way around - the running is helping them get through the breakup.
Iron Bowl
The only gun that rewards you for semi auto is the AN 94.
true, i just meant that it was shipped AFTER the buyout, nothing more.
Thanks!
What does Voldemort have to do with it?
Take your toll, troll.
I tried to be - it was primarily stagnant and full of random drifters that every other day that wanted a free place to stay.
BLYAT DAVAI!
or in a church
He backpedaled so hard he time traveled to the past and got rejected again.
That fierce look of determination in her eyes... she's gonna break that barricade one way or another!
We should have an arm-wrestling match to see who loves America more: Kosovo or Kurdistan.
I don't have any friends, acts are easier
I believe the agreement was that you have to be outside of the airport.
How about he gets to scalp his own 300 level ticket?
Far-Reaching Aard?
Don't think Santa's able to deliver that
people bought the jesse james guns so I'm sure there are plenty of idiots who will put just about anything on their gun.
Dead Like Me
People who fly American flags in front of their houses tend to be middle aged Republicans (The American conservative party).
This is no place for vegans.
Yea, cuz he sounds like the kinda guy with season tickets...
Had a rough start, bit of issues with the whole collectivization thing, but once it got started it was good to go!
Nope, the pubbie ones are the ones that need filling :P
Its disgusting that the gays would train horses to commit such a sinful act.
TIL I didn't actually know that but I know the dynamic of delegating other people's money and then patting yourself on the back.
In the vernacular of the site: *whoosh*
It is shame everyone remembers the nerfed version rather than the other versions (95 AD for ~3000/ 80 AD for 2200)
Oh the horror its using 2.8 gigs of ram whatever will i do
i only said 'cancer Kreygasm' got banned.
Thats your own fault for reading this comment chain.
no it must be prepare for 3 i know because the others weren't but this one is different
Only if you're programming in a shitty language
I put electrical tape over it.
Except we're not a federally protected class and can be fired simply for being ourselves, so no, I'm not gonna shut up for a very long time :)
F
Not so sure if he could beat roy... Nelson can absorb a lot of damage, unlike brock
Amphetamines and hallucinogens would be considered methods of escaping the mundane.
I AM LRRR RULER OF THE PLANET OMICRON PERSEI 8
Yeah but just think of all that sweet sweet road relevance we got mmmm
I've never actually come across a company that uses them :/
B-b-b-but reality has a liberal bias!
I replayed that line so many times
Uh Oh, BRB....
There's like 28 people living in the dark red areas and they have nothing to do but eat and hunt
Reads like "Politically Correct Masterrace", so at least that sounds slightly better?
Didn't you know it's fine to stereotype white people only?
Look above.
Get off your ass and go look for a **real** job!
Non-awakened animals can't level in character classes, so it sounds to me like you should awaken that dog.
Typical communist Canadian.
Not if you want to survive
Link?
no homo but I never knew how handsome greg hardy was.
Malcolm Butler*?
That must include using a 3rd party app just to shift items around so you can empty the blue engrams out of your mailbox before they purge that exotic that is also in there.
Yeah, never heard *that* one before.
I'd say Ahri is quite tough, she has lots of mobility so its hard to stick on her, her charm can nullify your all in and her q allows her to constantly poke you whilst youre farming and run away with the ms buff.
So more like Facebook?
what about
I don't think he realizes the longhorns were the ones who initially refused to play A&amp;M after they left and that they left because the LHN is a terrible TV deal for anyone not named Texas just due to the name of it.
You forgot Donkey Konga, Donkey Kong Jungle Beat, and DK King of Swing
Good.
Roflkek.
I shoulder press the world down
I still like Bleach the most of all their material.
Once gone, they never returned...
You dropped this:
Isn't that some kind of self study?
So men women animals friends and family are all fair game for you?
Im sorry i ruined your reddit experience
Jeb's nomination announcement comes to mind.
You have a good point, Bethesda didn't make NV so I guess there's no way for any of them to have played it or paid attention to what their fans and consumers thought of the changes Obsidian made to their formula
Silly you, don't you know humans have no impact on the environment.
Muahahaha
Well Cowen is a potential top 2.
Of course, thank god RT and Al Jazeera provide us with a fair and unbiased look
How the fuck is this comment tree related?
obviously Israel is worse than the rest of the world's countries combined
Don't you know that windmills are bad for the environment because they use up the world's wind supply?
Oh cool, it's good that they know they can get married how they want and not have to be forced into gay marriage
You post about the lack of integrity in the government, and your example is the former president having gotten a blowjob?
You'll be sorely missed by Bungie
Love this sub, you got downvoted for a question.
Actually, it's just a sausage.
You totally Britta'd that.
whatever you say, casual.
Call it civil forfeiture and call it a day
Yeah because body shaming at a young age *never* backfires...
The problem is most Americans can't understand either system
Sorry for asking, but what kind of hate did Ryan get?
I can finally trap my TH in peace!
FIRE CUTLER, OUT OF A CANNON, INTO THE SUN
Kanye stole the drop out bear from dropbears in australia
but the sheeple like them, therefore i cannot if i wish to be le patrician
cap free guns are typically what i'm using... on those sexy gallente ships without gun bonus
Which is a copy of The Honeymooners
Who?
Lol Not putting water on your toothbrush increases your accuracy when shooting auto attacks, noob
First pic needs a PS Battle.
Dansk er (however you say dead)
What the actual fuck are you talking about?
But its Blue Top Table Painting, not Blue Table Painting... which im sure is its own totally legit painting studio
Maybe other McDonald's aren't the same as yours.
Okay, thank you(:
No, but like, how?
Yeah, Math is hard to back up lol
God, make up your mind already!
my resolution this year, is to not full fill any resolutions I made last year
Lmaooooo, the Rebecca Black thumbnail....
You forgot the
Shhhh, Jesus wouldn't let anyone get free rides!
Put a spoiler tag on that dude.
Why are you swimming around in what you perceive to be diarrhea?
Or you know just pick a reasonable release date and actually have working game by then.
Well they're all going to hell anyway so might as well let them spend the tourism money.
You sound like a communist.
They fixed the rewards
Since no one has mentioned this yet, that's a Macbook, not a Macbook Air.
Just get some Amazon cables, they're usually okay.
Vince does it again!
DAE hate Yoko?
My beawd hurts!
Fuck.
End the war on jaywalking and the problem is solved!
PLounging of course!
Oh I'm sure he would have admitted fault.
How could you be so ignorant?
Nancy Grace on uppers
Wow... OK there we go... He would definitely sound more threatening in English
i feel awful for Rindfleisch, she was sold out and now she'll unfortunately have to suffer the consequences.
(God dammit I posted before seeing that.)
How dare the government restrict the freedom of those companies to give babies birth defects.
[Need to subtract, not add, $9x3-$2=$25]
woah you must have an amazing monitor with a glorious refresh rate to make use out of those 100-150fps without screentearing
Just about any martial arts class will tell you that the best self-defense is to avoid a fight at all costs.
We DO have a positive attitude, asshole.
I love these after some 9/11 burgers.
Are people who recognize that alchemy is pseudoscience "leadphobes" because they realize that gold-plated lead is not the same thing as gold?
Silly girl, she should have used Iocane Powder.
U should
Sports are evil and oppressive, why would women want to join the patriarchy's den of violence?
But apartheid
What a circle jerk, they'd be lucky to trade him for a late round drift pick, he's so overrated
Is it just me or does Tumblr have the most non-intuitive interface in all of social media?
Yes, the average Redditor sues with claims that they're entitled to $16m in damages and $144m in continuing payments
Smith's actually playing his heart out.
He has really dry hands and it's allergy season dude come on...
*Controversial fanwork met by widespread collective shrug from pervs who say it's art*.
Hey I remember you!
Overnight 50% of Palestinians would become journalists
But she's totally healthy!
But think about what a great role model he would be for his children then!
Yeah man my 55 year old statistics professor loves YG so he must also have a very diverse demographic.
Yeah because SWGN's were dropping like candy in regular Midown.
HE WAS BREAD THE WHOLE TIME
Never heard of a cliclater, it sounds like a knock off of the calculater.
Don't worry, I'm sure the FO will be all over this guy now.
This is why we use
Plot twist: all money is gone.
mmmm plan B hair toe.
Snitches get stitches, maaan!
They will bring out the new $.77 bill in honor of women.
Cause racism against whites doesn't exist!
Looking forward to a friendly, clean GDT with the wonderful folks from Minny
of course you would notice that... shitlord.
Yup, and nobody ever assumed a man was incompetent by default, either!
Just add the amount of times he's gone into the net to his total
The audacity!
Make use of those movable tabs.. they'll sure help.
Oh that's ok then!
Yea sure and his food poisoning from Taiwan is obviously the reason why he was autoattacking minions in teamfight vs SHRC?
From that page I read, it's only for recruiters, not recruitee's.
Just think of how many Mudra's you can miss from the lag!
Can we stall the game long enough to get him from our d league team to atlanta?
E-
Maybe y'all just need a better meth dealer
SMOrc TRUMP NO STOOPID SMOrc
Obviously because your husband will also be busy working full time to support you and your five children!
Only men like rare steak!
You forgot your
I'm glad Blizzard felt so strongly about keeping 5 and 4 man queues a thing
Another lying politician what were the odds.
Ahh yes, really making Wash Ave an attractive option...
Lmao I never noticed RC Buford's head moving side to side behind Pop
upvoting for attention, not b/c of approval
In the Eastern Conference bloodbath, no less
Did you eat the bed?
You can't handle the curves on a real womyn^teehee !
But how will we defend ourselves if the government takes over?
Omg you bigot
Fuckin muppet.
Wow, he sounds like such a great brother.
Yes, because if it all hangs out it can all be cooled better.
And the real kicker for me was when that guy told me god has to exist because bananas are shaped perfectly for my hand to hold them.....
It was either Thursday or Friday, but the intro music crapped out and was followed by dead silence for what Doug later claimed was about 2 minutes, but it seemed much longer than that.
they should have put pepe rojas instead of david luiz IMO
*14 year term, he still has two to go.
All dangerous criminals.
If it isn't that Thanatos skin I will be sad.
Because listening to an incompetent telco lobbyist is the *greatest* idea when it comes to determining the future of the internet.
Don't you understand that business can keep growing at the same growth rate (compounding) for ever.
This is probably why the USA has a reputation for having such good healthcare, education and support for veterans.
He has a 12k machine
Then what do they have to complain about?
Time to go to /fit/ :'c Guess I gotta give up on being a phantom weight mma fighter
like = 1 rapes share = 10 rapes
Yep, 'cause real intellectuals see any problem as black/white, yes/no, up/down, right/wrong with no moral gray ground in the middle.
But don't you REALIZE that castrating ALL MEN is the FINAL solution to all problems?
And yet they still breed like rabbits.
I bet his life is just awful.
I'm surprised James Harrison didn't get fined for it.
But it's straight from Planned Parenthood, dumbass!
Good at shootyhoops and nothing much else?
Yes, so you can buy 5 Ghjlahorns when he finally sells it.
:'(
What's a patch note?
Hahaa, should have included this
I bet a lot of suicidal men want help too, but they should just stop being such misogynistic, whiny pissbabies and *man up*.
Yes, because CG effects are #1 priority in modern day films.
Yeah Fedor totally strikes me as a thug...
It's totally better that it will sit behind glass or in a box in a warehouse instead of with the family of the man who went with it to the moon.
You mean your work/work balance?
You forgot the
Hilarious...
It's all good, the Republicans told us it's god's plan.
when you shouldn't shoot someone, but still really want to
Cops are the taxpayers' dogs, so the taxpayers are responsible for damages and injuries.
Fucking Canadians
He was being
Never heard of the core 15, is that a new one ?
Fuck your opinion
Jet fuel melting steel beams
I think I just cut myself on your edge.
Yeah if only there was a watermark so we could identify who made this.
Whatever, you SJW hipster.
IT'S A LOVE SONG MAN, LEAVE HIM ALONE
God such irresponsible speed
Oops, I forgot the
But hey, girls will be girls right?
Oh good, wouldn't want things to get chippy
Ride was filled with helium so it didn't need as many supports!
Ah yep, the Food Standards Code should totally dictate how right it is to end an animal's life.
Yeah, Yogg'Saron has NOTHING to do with Northrend or The Lich King not at all.
Lol Monaco I'd rather reside in Liverpool.
That'll work wonders for the resale value...
Well yeah - and she has a vagina - SCARY!
Now that 4chan has been caught, who will the media blame for hacking?
My guess is that due to the triangle its a tricopter and its new and revolutionary!
The undue stress of being involved in the political process is an unhealthy burden on the developing fetus.
If they're not too drunk to text they're not too drunk to drive!
Goliath and Kraken would be to big
Ah yes mustache mouses don't require mouse pads of course
No, vegans don't believe in hospitals...
I'll join you, I just got the Shard pistol, my GT is: EB_Games_Prick
I like that Rockets and Wolves fans have nice things to say about Wes and Jeremy.
Same thing happened to my stattrak karambit fade factory new... valve pls
So most teenagers and trophy wives are right out, then.
Thats what we did!
Do you mean to say sports media is exaggerating?
Good thing they wanna add another playoff spot in each conference next year!
No I heard men don't have those, just like girls don't poop
Damn, it was probably this guy's dad.
You poof.
Blind people should be killed on sight because their life isn't worth living!
Spoiler alert dude!
Plus they always seem to pay their debts
Mr Tunnock once visited the bakery I work in.
What, old English is totally understandable to modern person and that's been what 800 years?
Definitely can't be convinced to give secure ratings by bribery or blackmail!
yepp
It's the amazing resolution
For scientific reasons obviously.
Let it go, friend.
But it's innovation!
Can Gattis play 3B?
But rich people don't matter on reddit, they're the enemy
How dare you make someone travelling at unsafe speeds slow down!
pfft xbawks doesnt even get street fighter 5. where's your god now?
But would you rather be right than be happy satch?
Mercury, Kali, and Nemesis threesome confirmed.
Bu-but the name looks remotely close to Peppy
Yes, you're right, atheist USSR was a lovely place to live
Steven Fletcher has had an in form this season
No conspicary, everyone knows the not only does the SEC have the toughest teams, but they also have the toughest bye weeks, so clearly MSU South had a much tougher off day and thus the jump in the polls
You're forgetting the
Wait... There's more than 240p?
But there's no such thing as male victims of domestic violence!
I'm sure you didn't.
Because caps are the only way to open cartons
hearthstone
Well if they put a new stadium just east or west of downtown, maybe that could give them a nice background of the skyline like PNC Park has!
I'll be taking part in the tournament that was posted here a few days ago
Hard does not equal good.
(Depending on what country they are from) It is in their self interest for their country to raise taxes.
Extra $200 is nice
this
yeah it has to go around the northern edge of the black sea odessa would be the last to be taken since the attack would have to come from the eastern ukraine or maybe they rely on the russian army stationed in transnistria but it's very hard to hide it as 'concerned people', harder than it is with the ones in eastern ukraine.
I bet those horrible gamergators did this as a false flag
That's what it is supposed to be like...
Collar bones, strong forearms/hands on a guy
No, surely there must be victims of the same age as this guy.
Your mission, should you decide to accept it...
What is?
yeah, but that is only temporary, can I change my "home" channel, the one I connect to when I log in?
You filthy skank.
Well no not potentially dangerous - mildly inconveniencing.
And 82% of people believe them.
Well, he did say he was Hispanic on a voter registration form...Jeb Jesus Bush.
Yes
Wow, you can recognize a girl from a generic picture that could be most 12-16 year old girls, nice job!
That he doesn't "remotely" have a clue?
Brought to you by MailKimp.
The new damage mod should not apply to MA/BA clones.
Good training then
my staff is called The Royal Stick
That's what happens when your name is Johnny Manziel
Dont cut, I went through that, Its a hard time, Do you have any hobbies?
Arguing with you is like arguing with a retarded 6 year old, I'm done.
Well, not everyone knows the maps or cares enough to randomly pay attention to the floor.
Well it must be a good thing then that Talib isn't even our best corner.
Now that the invading Russian army has advanced and can no longer hide behind human shields in the middle of civilian areas they are much easier targets.
Good, nice to see him continue to show common sense.
That seems like it would be bulky, but I'm just a pansy Canadian :P
The sun will be darkened during this game.
I try, I try.
yay omega means you have to listen to a different song on final destination when i play maylay and i play fox i like listening to the one music not casual music its a disgrace
That just sounds delicious.
I HEARD **[LOCAL SPORTS TEAM]** LOST AGAIN HAHAH
I'M NOT A PART OF YOUR SYSTEM!
Take my money, Sony.
I have been requested by my girlfriend to ask if there is a pattern she can use
Yea, he seems like the type to have a bunch of time to be building shit like this!
Learn to Capitalism yah damn commie!
it's still in line with what it traditionally has been over the last century.
map 1
Wind Waker had a pretty fuckin good ending.
Not really the elite in Venezuela are all in government now.
*quack*
Yeah or like ending a very useful war on drugs program, I'd hate to see that!
No one has confirmed he's just a "mere summoner" tho, if you read through the story **SPOILERS** grah said he found Karl in the ruins of mistral so he could be human that last lived OR a god of some sort
The KC Kahnes
When can we expect his own channel?
Let it go... I love Russ but Jesus, it'd be like me arguing tony romo is better than Brady
SUPPLIES MOTHAFUCKA
Toilet paper manufacturer obviously doesn't live with cats.
It's for picking-up chicks
If your into metal I can recommended a few place but patents are in town for the week so can't join you.
Ah, the good old "It's been like this forever, changing it is futile" response.
It's all good, your username more than makes up for it.
Yeah, those darn athiests and all the crime they commit.
thatsthejoke.xml
^^^*7...*
try a small-ball lineup with Tony and Patty, Danny/Marco/Manu, Kawhi, Boris, and Bonner.
It's so deep, I feel I could drown in it.
Porsche, mercedes, bmw, audi.
Yeah, I do hate me some white people!
So so happy they're wearing them.
Adopting the civilized world's idea of refund policies so that it's not necessary in the first place.
What part of "Do not taunt happy fun ball" did you not understand?
You... really don't sense a matriarchal theme?
I guess she also thinks that BMI is so inaccurate that it doesn't apply to her.
Ribeye.
Yes officer here is my proof of nafarious activities
lol why didn't you recommend Aussie World, it's up that way too
But what about $20 for Sparrow armor?
Boyhood is the 3rd best film of the century so far if you ask me.
That'd be great if it was a toggle option on the settings in client
LIFT LIFT GUYS LIFT
^this guy
That's, like, the definition of confirmation bias.
At this point, it should be a feature
Yeah why doesn't he just take the bump on the back of his neck/head like he's supposed to
Yeah, we need another way to show sarcasm.
Lucky for you, you don't ever have to touch one if you don't want :)
Don't worry, if a White meth-head comes into my house to rape my 'women', I'll be sure to give him the benefit of the doubt and kindly ask him to leave.
...Lacy
It wasn't "Chicken Parm you taste so good"?
Since it was brought from cancellation it has been a steep decline imo Nothing has topped 1-3
Well know you can run through enemy ink super fast, that must be worth it, right?
That's not what you implied in your comment.
OMG YOU ANTISEMITIC NAZI SCUM
Emerald puddle
Did you know he was president of the US?
Oh yes, commentaries on the adn, always the voice of reason.
Is there a picture or is my mobile screwing up?
No cumshot D: ?
Want a job at the Goog?
Ok you're talking about intent while I'm talking about the effects of the creation.
Well then you are going to love the crumbling kingdoms of the Dwarfs.
4 stacks of passive then : W R Q E Q W Q E Q W Q E Q
Ah, see, you're thinking about the wrong kind of peace, this bumper sticker is referring to peace of the *heart*.
Possibly, but making a 4th toy story before is way more important.
Buzzfeed
Yeah their older music sets a really high standard.
Blyat/10
Roping every turn to waste time, then insta concede to save 10 seconds... LEGIT
And there is a difference between using a spell creatively and demanding that a spell be allowed to be used in a broken manner because "Ain't no rule that says ~~dogs can't play baseball~~ It doesn't work that way!"
Yeah, but it makes you wonder what kind of life you're living when you go to a fast food burger joint looking for a healthy meal.
But he wouldn't because T-Rex generally make bad neighbors.
Lilly: "I can't see what's going on, but it sounds hot."
Oh, you mean because gators are claiming to be for a safe space, while the other gators are unpleasant.
I no likey
I'd be challenger if it wasn't for my slow fingers and terrible map awareness, and several other things!
wow thank you...
If you edited out Zach Galifanakis you would have approximately 0 reason to ever watch the movie, it all rides on him as no other character does or says anything funny unless it relates to Zach anyway.
Everyone knows that saying it immediately before, after, or during sex doesn't count!
It really depends if the propaganda keeps escalating or calms down during the next 5 years.
But the breeze is moving faster than the atoms on my skin?
Which will be published on the Wii U2, which will come prepackaged with U2's latest Album
5 Registered business faces civil suit with Dallas Buyers Club Don't know what "exemption" from a civil action you think your business is entitled to.
its obviously because they're straight and white.
This comment triggers me, you privileged cishet shitlord.
On their way to Hells Kitchen
they couldn't waste perfectly usable and not broken at all code
These people are not British.
When the US accused Iraq of biological weapons, they did just the same shit.
WHEN NEMECHEK WINDS UP ON THE FRONT ROW....
Give em a break, its only off by 130% for walkable infill development.
$alty*
#effyourbeautystandards
Yes!
And equality!
Love fluffy snow &lt;3
ranked play doesnt count
you're right, 16:9 is the wrong aspect ratio for a 1920x1080 monitor
It's only 7 Royals
I think that's supposed to be short for "30 stone"
Yeah, I guess the $400 million price tag doesn't have anything to do with infrastructure, does it?
In fairness, everyone knows we only care about white men.
Ahh, then he obviously deserved to be killed without a trial.
Press the sprint button
See, that's neither relevant nor true.
My favorite color is now 7, and I am yellow rolly pollies tall.
Well, if the cop doesn't use that stuff for camping that must mean nobody does.
YES.YOU SHOULD BE!
Fixed it for you, it did look wrong.
Thanks for giving us auto-tune, cher!
Thanks for clearing it up.
JUST
Seconding this, I can't recommend the DSTWO enough.
Thanks for the info - not having a proper sized space bar would suck though :/ Other option I guess is to use a non-japanese keyboard.... Which will mean buying a new keyboard for the keycaps.... This requires some thought....
I think Bertov may have slightly embellished how well he knows English...
Blizzard has always administered heavy punishment to people who buy gold in their game(aka perm ban) ,and as for hearthstone the bots did get their golden avatars removed.
Black people riot when they're mad, amirite?
Fiddle orchestra, get ready!
Can someone explain whats going on?
Dilla, Dre, Just Blaze?
yea the 10 plagues that caused famines, one of them was the plauge of frogs
didn't dennis rodmen or whatever try this?
The one that defends its home.
Well you're stupid because it's a day for fireworks **and** getting drunk
LeBron James would be willing to take a 100 million a year contract if allowed!
Rubio
I'd give you a hundred upvotes for that!...if I could.
OH MY GOD.
Honestly wouldve done the same thing people always say that violence is not the right thing but the fact is if you want people to stop messing with you it's your best option.
I think he was trying to be dramatic, what he meant in my mind was "Self-defense training and good communication" is what we should know... just like the "mafia" -who are organized and know self-defense.
Ah yes, playing death match will make me so good that I can beat Supremes while I am a nova 2 with little game sense
Sounds like something the Cosmos would do
There are so many relevant pulls in the game with 6 mobs.
Nailed it.
Favorite Weapon: Greatsword Favorite Monster: Rajang
nailed the high [8] horse for sure
Sounds good man, thanks!
Hermes.
this is just regular fried chicken, and without the pressure cooker it will be nothing like KFC.
Yeah he has a lot of upside for someone his age
I want whatever you've been smoking.
Holy wall o' text, Batman!
But its "progress", maaaannnn
Damn man... So sad..
Ashley, did you really shove a phone up your arse?
Gee I can't imagine why anyone would give a false number to this charming fellow!
In Oklahoma, no less.
Social Justice: it's about stopping discrimination
yes, he was able to walk through under his own power
I know you're talking about one of Trollskyy's, I don't even have to ask.
Did you just say that hook requires no skill?
No problemo
the only way to fix law enforcement is more law enforcement!
Yeah, shame that Dreamhack Stockholm has access to producers that Fnatic can't hire.
No need to being Microsoft Office into the discussion!
At least the Zionists do it outside at sunny Masada in the hills.
Nobody though Haynesworth would pull a Haynesworth either now did they?
Shes to perfect for you anyway.
But schools ban guns...
The KKK is having the same problem with blacks and jews.
I believe that's already a sub division in the FaZe organisation
I guess violating the spirit of the law doesn't count this situation.
Well maybe that's what you need instead of thinking of divorce first... Decent time off for yourself.
the Young Wolf was only 16 :( he was put in a nearly impossible situation (an insane Karstark, a conflicted Theon, a hateful Frey and a treacherous Bolton), trusted the wrong people and was betrayed in a horrific manner by Bolton and Frey.
Yes it is.
You forgot to put
When studios realized that if a movie did well enough they could just make a sequel regardless if it made sense to the overall story.
What is the purpose of them?
Fucking tinfoil hats go put your tinfoil hats on
Your doctor was obviously a professional lifter and pitied your workout schedule.
But OP, he's super famoose!
What he is stating is that the petty crimes batman would be enforcing would make him the lamest batman of all time.
What is WoD?
Do let us know when you actually do this
... You heard him, germz, you have his permission.
Both, I'm assuming.
Why don't you research it yourself if you're so interested
29.00 dollars shipping
just wait until xbone gets directx12 its going to be a game changer !
That's a big upside down down vote
Ill try that
You flat earthers don't really believe in climate change, do you?
Ummm no mystery freddy is obviously pink.
Use the cloud
ERMAHGERD BILD THE HUPE AMIRITE GUIS
Next step: Fat Man
well obviously it didn't look good because you don't have the refined sensibilities of someone who went through sonic fancharacter hell u.u
Yeah, punk can only be played one way.
Of course drop bears don't bombard you from the sky, they only get you from the trees
ow wow a rs3 vs osrs bashing post, how original
Get the stick out of your butts it has prop guards.
Jizzed out my eyes That's the only thing I could think of that would grant the reaction it got.
Yes, women should get paid to take care of their children.
Well dear me, how completely tasteful of you to compare the bad reputation of Juggalos to the persecution of the Afro-American community.
You missed the
that must be a coincidence - Obama said the ACA was overwhelmingly supported.
You dropped this
Nobody saw that one coming!
You might as well just drop the panties if you just want some karma
Sounds lovely
oh good, i love light racism!
She?
Four teen pregnancies, two cheating scandals that ended in divorce, a bishop's son going apostate, and another bishop's two daughters both going to rehab for ecstasy addiction.
Guess you need to step up your game right?
Why would a hearthstone player ever be in hots
Yes, UK has never had over seas operations.
That'd be kinda creepy...
But how else can he make an edgy statement?
He needs more Benghazi.
Jason Campbell?
If it were a 1-ton trip hammer...
Don't worry guys, they just need a few more months of testing the game-types to work out all the bugs!
But it's .org Surely I can cite that in a college paper right?
Remember plebes, your vote matters!
fuck you sjw i hate niggers all blacks are monkeys and i have black friends and they aren't like THOSE blacks they're more like white
I think you missed a
The most powerful force known: SJWs.
Ya, Rush Limbaugh and Bud Light, what a combo of excellence.
B-But UVA would never take a potential OAD ever.
Yeah, mood is a choice, just like being gay.
I want oneeee
True.
never forget your roots....
Let's give the u.s shit for what happened in the past because you know they're the *only* nation that has done some form of an atrocity right?
No it is not.
Shhh, they mustn't find out...
Addy
I was only able to do it directly after the dlc dropped I think it glitched for me
I hope this doesn't spoiler anything
Should be no issues.
you forgot the
But we're holding up pencils, what more can possibly be done?
He kept using that word "polyamorous" but I do not think it means what he thought it meant.
Women aren't objects you cis shitlord!
ayy lmao fuck razer
But his feet were cold!
I imagine everyone in this thread calling Sky News cowards and the like would all be very willing to stand up to Al-Qaeda and ISIS and the like themselves.
Is this one of those "shreds" videos?
Only pussies cook with a pan cover!
I always knew heroin made you creative
Congrats on making your living without producing anything of value!
What are you, some kind of commie?
You mean like Emo or something?
That suit definitely makes him look employable.
Dump him!
Our cloak is fly wings cuz we so fliii booiii
No dude thats way too hard, we suck so much in human interaction that we TOTALLY need that offline mode feature!
Oregon Baylor TCU Utah Kansas State Boise State
Yea this definitely calls for a divorce!
But man we all have to go back to woodsball because no one in the world likes speedball!
The whole world revolves around what time it is atm in est even though we all know the real temporal centre of the world is gmt
...convicted her of throwing stones at Israeli forces, blocking a main road in the West Bank and possessing a knife Sweet, innocent angel.
TIL Red Cross is a terrorist organization.
that's just a digital signal from your mouth to your brain, it has no physical basis or existance long-term and thereful must not have intrinsic value.
Money can do wonders to anyone.
Stem cells, Viagra, feed them rhino horns,
Ok there, Silva.
wow look at all those ethnic people
I love it when he laughs at his own jokes.
Because if you make it so the poorest people aren't literally dying they won't be motivated to start a violent revolution.
It was definitely his fault that the Transformers movies were garbage.
We really could use some government propaganda about war and history.
Oh yeah, hardcore evangelical Christians like Bart Ehrman
Such a clever retort.
Yeah cause she paid for that...
I'm glad I did 5 hours of RR homework instead of watching this game.
Haha not to mention killing Odin because "2nd health bars OP" only to give Vikings the same damn thing in nautical form!
Just not people that matter.
Yeah, screw him for speaking a different language am I right?
No no no we have to jail aib first
Wow I'm hearing this for the *first* time!
More political parties is not the solution
yea man fuck philanthropy
Like Dungeon Keeper!
Calm down Mr 5%
Doesn't the *R* in *ARAM* stand for *Reroll* though ?
yes and n0thing accidentally appeared in a Denial game
It must be pretty nice considering how many Russian soldiers are there on vacation
No because I waste my money on better things, like Magic.
They know his fan base.
Yeah thats what its all about for sure.
If only we had spent more money on stimulus spending, then the wealth would really be trickling down by now!
What is this "Baby" you speak of, is it that especially bad Justin Bieber song?
Yes.
I always calm down when someone hits me in the head.
can he do it on a cold night in stoke?
Ethics =/= philosophy, thanks for playing.
Digg.
Nothing ever goes wrong on a cruise.
Hmm.. You're on 0 points right now but you'll never know why.
90% of people today will be unemployed, and become servants to the NWO of the robots.
So.....Did you go out with him?
you forgot
Yeah just like in the champions league final
But it was such a good business decision....
Why do you think it's illegal?
Looks like Disney Land from a distance.
but alcohol and tobacco aren't drugs!
Yeah, because it's so very hard to become a pilot.
Which is why rock-paper-sissors is a (reasonably) tournament viable game.
Whyd you give him downvotes man
Smyrna is of rightful greek clay!
That's right... outlaw any positive contact from strangers..... we need more of that.
Beast FC and Class on grass are classic as fuck
Yeah these stupid pussies treating criminals like human beings where do they get off.
Good luck with that plan.
I'm gon read all this, hang on
Right, everyone in the league had a 2-year stretch where they averaged 90 points in a season, Jokinen wasn't anything special at all because literally everyone else had such great seasons.
It's a nice gesture I guess, if somewhat misguided, I've had solutions pop up in dreams, it's usually because I've been pondering this puzzle for so long that the brain keeps working it even in the dream state(or so it seems, it could just be that the brain is locked in some unsolvable state and putting most of it too sleep resolves it, or it could just be random thoughts that just happened to solve it, or anything really, I really doubt Nash was streaming his mind over to him in this example).
Yeah but that's not intentional.
Yeah but Sean Hannity doesn't and that's what really matters.
I think he forgot
Every time someone uses an elusive word in quotes to describe what they're looking for, a new Skrillex Massive tutorial is uploaded to youtube
Ah yes, the NHL and their weekly bench clearing brawls.
Or we could just trade him to the AFC
You forgot the
abbott confirmed a nazi
What's that fancy third pedal you got there?
Huntsville is definitely dragging down the rest of the state, especially economically.
It's only cause he has Kam and Earl behind him
yeah but I get a rad keychain
It breaks down that fat and then goes away!
$129 for an Android tablet that runs like shit, vs $300-400 for a used iPad that is still a joy to use... difficult choice indeed.^
Asi incentivamos que laburen, para comprar las paredes!
Dat bass
Oh, yeah, the GTA spinoff where you play as Winston Churchill.
I need a frost prime systems and all I have is 25 plat and a few prime BPs :(
Bucks in 6
Ugh, I don't feel like a God within 10 seconds of playing this game, the combat must suck!
But if Qatar doesn't get the World Cup, all those lives already lost have gone to waste!
No, that's the idea of the person you're defending.
But they also said that multiple AoEs hitting the same target will stack, and fireball creates a small aoe around the target...
If this picture was taken in Iceland then this is basalt, not sedimentary rock
Moonside
Just don't go too hard on Charles.
Okay
i dare you, i double dare you motherfucker call cops one more god damn time
It will be the cost of being famous and successful, and it will be hot.
I have the same card and i get 45-50 fps around cities.
Well, fish do it.
According to IMDb, it was shot in Brooklyn and Kaufman Astoria Studios in Queens.
;)
**I AM THE LAW**
So you're saying that by adding two it's the same as if I multiplied 2?
But that's not the explanation the OP was looking for, this is just a basic explanation of how it can benefit multiple applications at once.
They won Ti3 without him
10/10 /Thread
good idea
hey if it purifies the air less dust that gets stuck in my case
Take the clothes pin apart and paint it with old nail polish.
I'm phillipjbenson.
Don't they know rivals are to be hated?
Players dropped one by one and the record keeps saying W. In an alternate universe everybody gets hurt and they dress uupCalvin Murphy and Matt Bullard, Capela plays 48 minutes at the C and Harden still carried the team to a 8 seed
So unrealistic, no one can complete one of those.
I think your sister is my cat.
So prove it with stats, figures, studies.
There's a limit to it as the acid dissolves the metals you can't just throw electrons at it (without it heating up and catching fire first).
Man what a wonderful reason to vote for your party
I didn't even know who was in the faction, just saw the vocal minority.
I KNEW IT
Priorities
De Gea at RM would be really bad, not enough pace.
Can we wait until anyone from this draft actually steps foot on an NBA Court before we start shit like this?
He is funny sometimes but he's no fabulous ferd.
Look through the comments on the article.. "what he meant was" (or some variation) appears several times.
Maybe you should visit the pegym?
You die.
I kinda *wish* we got money handed to us, free houses, bills paid and all the perks for not having kids!
They are the real holes of Nz
You mean Turkish Team Mode?
Doesn't look too bad, I just feel like it's missing tear stains and the smell of disappointment.
Can anyone post the confounding variables he was looking to be controlled?
Well, Hamilton and Franklin weren't even presidents.
Michelle Bachmann does it.
Couldn't help myself, I had to type something, that guys incoherent ramblings were getting to me.
Redditurds gotta shoehorn in a "joak" 'bout child rape somehow!
well if its your dream don't let anybody shit on it, didn't one of the guys on dignitas start from scratch too?
Similar scenario, tried it, got negative attitude warning just for refusing to let the enemy win 10/10 would play again.
And General Tso's chicken
Go Curvy because fuck your health, who really wants to live to 50 anyways?
There's a button on the inverter that toggles through modes just like a bike light.
Poor Alaska, It's not funny when your parents don't talk with eachother
THE SUMMER OF GEORGE!
I found your
The further up you go, the more the following applies: A specialist gets paid $1 to make a checkmark but $999,999 for knowing how.
Gotcha, so since the article doesn't mention any of those factors we really can't assume it was unjustified or justified?
The app is alienblue.
Have this nigga the corporation is one of my favorite lines of smash commentary ever
Played 8 combat arms matches today, all reached the SCORE limit..
Knowing Sweden, it's going to be shut down soon.
Far from the best, but now that i think about it, the team of a quite unusual club such as Napoli, could beat everyone on their day (their defense is as good as any): -----------------Zoff---------------------- -Bruscolotti-Blanc-Cannavaro-Ferrara- ---------Juliano--------Alemao----------- ---Careca-----Maradona---Carnevale--- -----------------Altafini-------------------
Man, Diddy's hands and feet are fucking creepy.
we do 4v4-6v6s we're all maxed if you wanna try like that lol
a government small enough to fit in your uterus, actually...
Still works.
It would technically be an acoustic, not an acapella
Praise the KFC!
Oh shit....
no doubt
He should just stick to being himself , this character he fabricated is just annoying as dick
It's a restriction on religious liberty to restrict our use of brainwashing and our ability to re-enforce it with culturally accepted meta-programming cues!
And in those castes and religion different villages and in those villages different families.
Yes, and I'm sure the store are perfectly happy that they're wasting time putting stuff back on shelves instead of unpacking new stock, etc.
No no you see, it's real music and not that modern day (c)rap so it's okay
Chut up!
Agreed and this is part of the point I was trying to make: logical and philosophical reasons can be presented in support of not behaving like a caveman and not raping and killing innocent people, however there is something seriously lacking if a person's only justification for promoting or committing such uncivilized acts is "because a book said I could".
It depends on jurisdiction, but the SPCA will have the appropriate connections with law enforcement that investigates animal abuse.
yeah because not putting them on the lounge will fix all ddos problems
Ahhh Mario tanned and looking good!
You say this....
rip in peace fanfic
Sounds like something a cabbie would do, this is exactly why Uber is awesome.
Also, we should get rid of the health benefits he *does* receive.
Maybe get a tablet?
Wow, for rank ~#100k your hidden reading is really good.
Objectively incorrect
No
Just need to hear from Lord Reed of the Neck now.
Well, Koran should come with warning labels: Flammable!
Worth it
Yeah, I gained ~50% more FPS.
Also she is white so that pretty much proves that CDPR are neo-nazis.
Thanks, I had to think if that was hot or cold in American degrees.
Fuck, the author's incredible sanctimony and unjustified superiority in the first paragraph made me want to wretch.
Larger question, why is there no one dollar denomination in any of the proposals?
Now why am I not surprised
Hey, as long as the 5 seconds rule is respected you're in the clear!
Speciesist!
crestfallentree
I find it humorous that a Non-Liberal group is taking pot shots at Inohofe.
I think it's better to rush to judgement, so us fans can scream louder when the player fails
I think we need to look at the environment through a feminist lense
That log flume is looking amazing.
The joy of a new wave coming out
Like using a user name and password to log into a system so even if the hardware is sitting around you don't have everyone and their mother looking at the most sensitive of information?
I like a good combo of the both
Dat racism so funny!
LEGS DON'T WORK.
Shoot them in the head execution style.
Headless arrows
No, it's a third person shooter.
Well it was fun while it lasted, we'll never see an Ekko pick again
DAE EOC IS FUCKING SHIT FAGEX AMIRITE?
Has anyone been able to find if/when this is airing in the USA?
You shut your mouth!
I think he's mistaking people's response to him for their constant and ongoing state.
I see your taskbar is nice and tidy like mine.
Gary?
Does Tom Cruise?
Repost of the week right here
who do you use?
I was waiting for someone to told me go all-in CLG.
Why even have a dog?
Brandon McCarthy has pitched 200 innings ONCE in his career.
Atleast you got some pussy.
The answer to all of your questions is "yes", it would be laughable if people weren't apparently serious about it.
How do you think the first lot got their start ?
Not until after it gets the vaccine, of course.
Why is biased god Tyrone in this video
I'd say they just do Itami/Balor/Corbin/Dragons vs Ascension/Vaudevillians/CJ Parker or Tyler Breeze.
R&amp;D accounts for some of that.
Oh my God thank you so much this is totally the first I ever heard Bernie mentioned on this sub thanks for spreading awareness...
Shoot, 11k is peanuts even by YouTube standards.
Could be regional, could be the purveyor themselves.
Someone stab this bitch
Transthings are topical right now, sure transracial is totally legit!
Classy!
Well I was referring to Wings of Liberty and Heart of the Swarm.
Come on man, join the raeg train!
Brother, I would be pleased.
Brian's changed his tune from the European Cup debacle hasn't he - then it was just the free market old boy
Guns never misfire.
Mortadela 5at 27mar, yaretak zayo, dah mfeesh om fe masr ela w eftakerha
Well that article did nothing to calm me down about my job security.
OOC: Pshh...don't you know we're all sexual savants with prowess of a Greek adonis!
That is why it is always under feet.
But I want to support the manufacturers
Dude..
What a lovely sentiment.
You mean he's made more music than Gangnam Style?
Yeah, OP - use this workaround and stop complaining.
I think what people mean by when they say "jews control the world" or whatever, isn't that every single jew ever has played a part in controlling the world, but that the people who DO happen to control the world are jewish.
Gameboys and Pokemon
So your mouth is up to your nose?
Ah yes the teens well known for being the cancer of all communities
Thanks!
When he wins without the best car, duh.
I LOVE IT MAGGLE
It's not tinfoil it's the truth!
Or maybe the meshnet if it improves significantly
Adun, preserves us from this ignorance.
I hate it when governmental checks and balances work as designed.
I seem to be having trouble on Arch: BW@Spitfire [~] $ sudo apt-get install steam sudo: apt-get: command not found BW@Spitfire [~] $
I think they meant to say "Barack Obama."
Maybe you can do a vocaroo?
Every time I take a picture my chin grows a chin.
Can we just talk about how on point Korra's hair game is?
But he's so enlightened, contrarian, and freethinking.
No... Please for the love of God No!
Maybe they're just advocating inequality when it comes to prison sentences?
Valve made a custom source build so it didn't have to use the portal 2 build.
They also have zero risk and no costs to the health care system.
Yes, because a profit margin is more important than housing for teachers and the disabled
Boyfriend is as brain dead as she is.
It must be soooo hard being so wanted.
The way he's acting, it sounds like he'd fit right in at Konami.
It's a great thing you can pay with credit card
He'll get it one of these years, hopefully.
Go get donuts :P
hmm....if only CBJ had a veteran defenseman on the roster who could slot in.... .....wonder what WIZ is up to these days?
It did say "If you like if Pina Coladas"
Way too much variation in size.
Slowpoke.jpg
Lesson: if it looks like you're going to snowball hard against a Sgt Hammer, take MULE.
i swear to god
Damn, if you guys would have won, ELOE would have brought home the Lombardi.
Everything printed 8th edition forward plus MM isn't confusing, imo :)
Peter Harrold...
You totally got it from a toilet seat
I feel as if that sentence sums up this entire thing pretty well.
I will always see him as a net
And Russia will just roll over and take the punch without trying to fight back, just because we really, really want it to, right?
As a residential contractor, get the fuck off my site!
But converters don't matter!
this is what pissed me off about the Avengers the most.
PC gamers don't pay because PC gaming is too expensive!
Please find it!
God I'm too drunk
THE ohiostate
But we just had an earthquake here!
Natural selection
88% increased global crit is damn good
How dare Assad squish the peaceful protestors?
Wells is future Barry.
Good thing!
I'm very stoked for Civil War if they do it right
I heard that the body has a way to shut down in cases of legitimate rape anyway.
This isn't funny at all.
Good Guy Trader, knows U16 hype is still upon us and does not want to overshadow it.
Not sure
No you couldn't, only men rape people, because our culture promotes it.
7/10 Big XII teams with that depth.
I must applaud your brilliant powers of deduction considering that's what the watermark on the image says.
This joke never gets old.
* True Coffee is available at Midvale Metcalfe's * Moka on University, after Whitney Way, next to Perkins * EVP on University, just after Whitney Way * Willy Street Co-op on University in Middleton
Shou Tucker did nothing wrong.
Arena pro scrub, huh?
I would disagree.
Getting more than Rs 26.
Finally, GLORIOUS 24fps!
Lol he is but yeah,I was trying to give the benefit of the doubt to him but there really is no way to sugar coat it,he's completely useless.
She looks very Vidya Balan-y.
I love you Reddit
TIL DNA isn't a chemical
Right, cause they didn't have Christian pacifism before post-modernity.
LOL GUYS IVE NEVER HEARD THIS ONE BEFORE, EVERYONE CHECK IT OUT THATS SO FUNNY
USA knows shit about the world.
Whaddya bet his wife was getting anal from one of the neighbors?
Thank you!
Shit, you just served me a red pill
Because they need men like a fish needs a bicycle.
We should just get rid of schools, then.
Don't you mean "thatsthejoke.jpg"?
Just ask George RR Martin.
Who is that hero in the top left?
Downvoted for dragon lore.
i think we can all collective say this: yea right
Serves those settler spamming land grabbing motherfuckers right... *grumbles vaguely about maybe needing to take a break from civ*
I'm sure women that have objections to being used as sex symbols are the same women that undress to distract men on a game show....
My mom loves the dodgers And I tell people that I didnt become a dodgers fan I was born a dodgers fan And also Fuck the Giants
Girl with blonde hair and the 4 leaves of green is obviously Anzu from Persona 5.
Hockey wouldn't work in Quebec City
Jayden Smith on meth?
What about those of us that didn't know JFK had died huh?
I seen tons of great P-Mod role models.
Because the only reason anyone would be opposed to political correctness is because they want to spout bigotry.
Annnnnnnnnnnnnnnd this type of nonsense is why I will be homeschooling my kids at least through elementary school.
yeah...that's what's strange about these texts... the OP saying "leave me alone" twice.
OK, but besides foreign and domestic matters, the economy or public issues, what have they done that's wrong?
Paul Blart: Mall Cop Soundtrack.
He's also considered to be one of the worst Presidents in the history of America, but when it comes to Israel, he's an expert and everyone should listen
... And Pagans totally never did that.
But it wasn't a great shot, it was a terrible screen for Price.
So don't wear it but don't pass laws saying people can't.
Yeah, the ducks did almost no work that series.
Maybe they're going for a nightmare aesthetic
Officer on the horse appears to be saluting another fascist regime.
Well, as we all know, copyright law is more important than human life!
Yeah, food, water, and shelter are optional.
If you don't wanna be poor just work harder
No prob bruh.
First he gets run over by a car, and then you want him arrested too?
You can, but you have to say "no homo" or it's totally gay.
MURDER SOME POOR OXIUM OSPERY THEN JOIN THE TONKOR MASTER RACE
Bro, didn't you see he's leading the postseason in steals per game.
Looks like new
but dudes who are into dudes are quite often into muscley dudes, aren't they?
Or he could pay the ayatollah to issue a fatwa or something...
CUTE!
Nobody in this thread is having Florida bias at all.
Well, *my* neighbor had borrowed my old shitty car and bought a brand new Tesla Model S for me because he fell in love with the junker!
He's Ray Allen now
I know, those absentee ballots are such a whore!
Should have bought them a PS4 they wouldn't have been able to use it.
That was me using a HOTASS for the first time with my thrust master... Was really stiff at first so needed oiling extensively...
Hmm, and I thought only centers and pfs (or basically anyone who shoots 25% or less) were allowed to shoot 3's in brad's system
brb becoming a Hawks fan
Rabble I'm mad at your success, down voting you rabble.
And it's always about having a dick
Thank you!
LOL I think the point is that OP was listing things that were never gonna happen to paint a picture of creeper's likelihood of having sex with her.
How about a link?
I cant see shit... im blind
So fucking rockstar
Y U rain upon circle jerk parade man Hate u so much
Use your twitter.
You mean SOCIALIST nations
YOUR THE PROBLEM D:
I mean, it's ok, but I would reroll it.
I swear the COPs are neutral!
And some people still try to say rape culture is not real!
The cheap Huawei one they gave me that is sending my data to the Chinese?
Ah ups, best service available
Thank you, OP, for linking to the tumblr that seems to have a glimmer of sanity at the bottom of the commentary.
Yeah, no hype at all around this device.
Well he's a guy so....
Ugh, it is ephebophilia, asshole.
There are countless people that have survived 9mm luger so it's a non-lethal round!
Huh, like Foley knows anything about cutting promos.
ya thats a definite possibility
I'm sure it'll be left up to "officer discretion", which we all know could never cause a single problem ever!
Woopi is even better now we'be bypassed it ;)
It's nice to have an article we can shove in people's faces though.
when was he with them?
Handegg
Yeah, we really struck gold with Bruno
plot twist: he's actually using noclip, and is really good at faking it.
What, you don't like Visual Basic?
For all its faults, Saudi Arabia actually has quality higher education in scientific fields and it's a pretty popular choice for students.
Its pretty blatant....
Weet je wel niet hoe hard werken dat is, 440 mensen ontslaan?
I wonder what is going to be released on the EP's original release date
I'm sure that they are just going to ignore it.
I'll try this first!
We have to become militant anti-anti-theists.
Legal System doing it's job well I see.
Yeah, but we're a hate sub so we deserve it!
you forgot the
right keep hoping on your "Maybe", with all the alien invasion entertainment and such humans would totaly be "most peaceful beings of the universe"
Lol you need to get your life together deadbeat.
Now that Stat seems on board, and with the news about O'Neal, what other big do we target?
YEAH AND HE'S ALSO FROM IRELAND
Quick, someone call Robman!
Every one knows kids who weren't born in the 90s never played outside.
For a sane foreign policy that challenges the violent trends of American Foreign policy, vote Hillary!
Clearly the AI needs adjusting
I don't know what you're talking about
YOU DIRTY RACIST
RatNuisance39 is a great name!
Which is why so many jobs bills have been passed in the last year.
That's non-sense; all dogs are of legal age and give consent.
You criminal.
But the mods are shit amiright guys
Yeah that lack of mobility and 0 cc is GREAT for jungling.
84 Plus C Silver Edition owner here, why can't we get the good stuff?
+1 for you, you toxically masculine cis-gendered person who holds others responsible for their actions
Tudo culpa desses nordestinos de merda.
Pfft, 25Mbps is all you'll ever need
Hey, this guy said DNA was Top 5!
Nah, cod way better.
I'm sure that's Ulfric's reasoning yeah
Whoops forgot to put
Barack HUSSEIN Obama* ftfy
Yeah, things would just be so much better if we matured in a matter of months and died of old age at ten years.
still too soon for Bengals fans
Whatever that's just semantics.
Definitely uggs weather.
This game isn't P2W though bro!
THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT!
because christians like to talk crap about many groups and issues, while atheists only talk crap about christians, they did it to keep them in check xD
That's why 24fps is so cinematic, it lets your mind fill in the gaps!
It's like I'm a little blue capitalist icecap melting in the sea of marxism, communism, socialism and feminism!
Yeah, someone should totally take a tire iron to his knee before he gets on the ice.
He commited treason.
No, all womens are the same because they are simple and not as smart or advanced as men.
Ya but Toronto Maple Leaf Fans are whining babies who are "despicable" because they actually expect their team to do well.
AT&amp;T is basically as evil as Verizon so it *basically* is the same logo.
Thank you for circling the infection, otherwise would totally have not seen it
Yeah, the bat is definitely not the most used clanwars scout because it has a weak view range.
Playing league makes you fat
Nope, they can quit and work any other job.
Shoot them on-sight and put their heads on stakes on London Bridge, that's the only way to stop this
Didn't think anyone could best McManus!
Yeah because that's the thing to worry about here
Where do you sit on the fence with this issue?
This is huge for Nevada, gonna open up Louisiana for recruiting
Well he might have caught the gay and then he'd be part of their agenda.
No, no, that's ignorant and racist!
You forgot the
Yes, because before the original update to even allow elixir to be used for walls, all players constantly sat at full elixir storage.
and those damn wolves..such a dynamic world
Those rings though
You're a fool to think that a basic utility in north Korea would have outages or be inconsistent.
So this the pet dragon i keep hearing about?
2/10 no nfcs circlerjerk and minimal jj watt
Arent all books and movies pretty much exactly the same anyway?
you should stop smelling and start working on that RnR montage
Because you should totally have to spend IRL cash/bonds to switch to a spell book.
ObsidianSanctum new WvW homelands shared come and 1v1 me scrub
Yeah, all they need to know is how to spam mounts with IG and play online, fun for everyone!
*sigh*I am now ashamed,
daj mu vutre da se iskulira i unwind-uje coek preko vikenda.. nije
Psssht...100billion is back pocket change...nothing to be concerned about at all!
He is just good guys, stop whining!
But it can't see past 1080p 24fps anyways!
Vergne confirmed try-hard
yeah, but at least Aaron Hernandez wasn't a scumbag while doing it.
So hipster it hurts.
Oh yes, North Korea's fabled ancient PoC culture... which was imposed on them by 1940s Stalinist Russia.
It's OK, he asked for forgivness from Jesus.
His friends called him Tom Jeff.
Cute 7.5/10
*before* he gets the ball
In the end I don't care what platform you're on, as long as you're having fun :D Rock on!
What does this even?
Not so exactly somewhere they did try the McCain sponsored bill, failed of course they have their voters whipped into a fine rage of hate and fear.
Fun fact, every month that starts on a Sunday contains a Friday 13th.
Everytime I see that name I can't help but read "Stargate"
Personally I'd get it even if it was just the much faster speeds/downloads and face tracking 3D.
The people who are downvoting you obviously have no clue about Keynesian economics, or any 20th century economics for that matter.
I don't know your leanings, however using your comment as an example - it always seems to be a different situation when it's your own team.
But its not an AAA title if its not as deep as SotC or Ni No Kuni
Yeah, and "retard" totally shouldn't be offensive because I'm not using it in the classic sense.
That +/- though...
Shame that Balotelli is paid to score and Lovren is paid to stop them.
A vote for either Labour or Conservative is a vote for more of the same friend.
Well as someone pointed about below, the same could go for swimsuit pics.
No they shouldn't bring back the old spawns with M4's everywhere
I'm only here so I don't get molested by the media...but I prob will anyway
I'm going to say the over/under is 11 years.
It's okay, you don't have to tell anyone about your relish fetish.
Hey Fortier is our future..
I don't think he's going to play to a 1.000 OPH(alf)S
La ce te astepti de la cineva care crede in noua medicina germana.
peggy hill, is that you?
I'm American and this is not normal I can assure you.
I opened my laptop before I opened my notebook.
yes you can.
Anecdotes work for people that I know, obviously it works that way for everyone else in the world
You're really gonna help them claim the titles from Minnesota..?
You forgot this
Three and four were good as well.
t'was not, but thank you!
Then your connection is bullshit, not the champion.
Yeah I realised this after, I wouldn't be surprised if it was smaller once installed than 8.x though
r/nocontext
It doesn't matter we're all in challenger I hope you're talking about your smurf
88
Details, details...
Probably he chooses his next organs while they are still inside alive people.
Touche
I've been thinking about picking it up, but what do you mean it has a SJW tone?
Not trying to diss Funi but doesn't CR usually stream more shows per season than Funi?
Those t-amp's are awesome, titan's are great to run with too.
Or step it up even further, "Your arguments go badly for you, don't they?"
Damn, I respect your opinion but I've never heard of someone liking BCT better than Doggystyle lol
Well, is there any reason that you'd fail it?
Totally unexpected
While I totally understand this desire Level 70 now with cap at 100 is no where near what Level 70 was when the content was live You are WAY more over powered even at technically the correct level than you were at that time the ability's are totally different the talents everything makes it for the most part a way different experience now than at the time Don't get me wrong I get the desire but its just not capable of being simulated effectively any more.
Keep looking, it's there.
Is he OC just referring to weeds then?
Gardiner should be stapled to that bench
LOUD NOISES!
I also like that he talks over the other casters and talks way too long at times.
No man, its a wet tired
I'd use analog over digital if the game supports it
TIL now I have to be afraid of all police officers and not call them for help ever because of the acts of the few.
Damage Inc.
arena mode with classic packs rewards.
Yes because being a creationist automatically means he would attempt to hide/destroy a fossil.
idk I always thought it tasted like Doritos and mtn dew...
It would hold its momentum better after the slope.
and on....
I did know *why* they do it, I was just specifying the (usual) reason why particular teams are allowed to work with such a tactic with little pressure.
Arbitrarily labeling some vague, easily reshaped concept as the source for whatever grievance you currently have solves nothing.
If you're ordering certain brands of water it can be cheaper.
is tokyo blazer a sandwich ?
It hasn't been like that for decades.
kik is AFKorFeed, mostly scandinavian metal: Sabaton, Amon Amarath, Finntroll, etc.
She was like 20 and drunk but my city doesnt have a ordinance against public intoxication so it was a pat on the ass and a "have a nice day"
I love how these videos have more philosophy and sociology in them than actual car reviews.
The average redditor probably wouldn't date me because I'm a woman over 24 and we all know that's when women become living Roombas with no sex appeal
Just because I'm playing Leona doesn't mean I have to R+E whenever an enemy comes into range, and I shouldn't expect my team to follow up when I tag the tankiest opponent.
I still wouldn't have 7 dollars if you asked for his name right now
The sexualization of our children has gone too far!
U know ur not watching either way
do they have something against lubricant?
why is your vagina so much bigger than my penis?
Wow he must really hate America, socialist scum.
To be fair, the stabber was just one guy.
Have you ever played Dayz?
This guy is asking all the right questions.
I wonder if a true Berlin hipster could out hip a true Brooklyn hipster.
yes the season of setup is always the most entertaining
You mean it ISN'T a table-flipping simulator?
It's fake.
Not at all :-( I knew I should've put
I guess so, the saying is "you learn more from a loss than a win" but like I said, they should just brush off this loss as if it never happened
I'm in Cali now, The difference is the people
Sick Sketchers dude!
That's what I thought it might be but I want sure.
front page material
Pretty bad her daughter has to resort to Netflix anyway with all those "amazing" services Bell Media offers
Fuck, the PS4 owners really got screwed here.
Hey stop lying my mom told me I am the most speschul one in this world.
He told you what he was doing...
True, but OC are the only thing pledis has going on right now, so they are going to still promote them.
wait, what do you mean?
Ironic username.
a lobotomy?
Or use a tape dispenser that has a convenient tape slicer?
And that rock is wearing a Vince Young Titans jersey.
You clearly haven't been to enough bachelor parties.
This comment makes me feel unsafe.
Even if by some far distant non existent chance the Liberals would from a coalition if the Tories you seriously think that Harper would let Trudeau (and the Liberals winning flat less seats) be the one that's PM?
That's just one step in the direction of the governing taking them away!
It's even better when the previous guy leaves with zero documentation!
If you lose sleep at night over Wikipedia articles, you need to seriously re-evaluate your life.
So I've heard yeah.
Obviously if someone dislikes it it means it's a bad game
He teleports like littlefinger
You chose a hell of a spot to learn Islam from
Report it to proper health inspectors.
I eat dinner at 9pm :(
Can I access the translated chapter without having to download an addon?
About time you figured it out, cishet piece of shit.
I liked Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle, but it seemed like they were just repeating themselves with Same &amp; Max.
temp here checking in.
Catchy name.
fuck sean
yeah, that's actually pretty close to what my build was, was going off of one of the stobuilds avenger builds
I got this reference
I'll burn down Kojima Productions if DD doesn't gets a sword which he uses with his mouth.
Fuck off
I swear that this gets better every time I watch it.
Durant and Davis would be a nice wishlist
I know how that feels man, I am in a more or less similar situation with you
What language is this?
I feel that they captured the real-estate agent side of Lex pretty well.
Or ambient IDM like Boards of Canada, Who I love :)
Y u kick
Yup that makes a lot of sense
Yeah, it shows you thought about how he'd like to pick his own gift
I got both of my copies (one for me, one for my son) downloading!
He won't sign for 900k a week "Jamie Carragher is a knob" Sterlings' agent is so professional
That's good that you enjoy that, but 5 manning the first half of heroics, then 3 manning after is not intended gameplay and needs to be addressed.
The fluorescent light
Truly, he's living a life of luxury.
Yeah, but you'll be running Bitwig so you can't actually DO anything anyway.
The power to say no means a lot.
Yes
Wow about $50 of ar accessories amazing how dangerous.
cool more variance of w+m1 epic
Wow stupid Nintendo fanboy
I'm not your respectable woman, cunt.
You should be!
Sick jump cut bro
Even Gods can't get Gjallarhorn.
Ya, voting for democrats is really sound advice for protecting your 2nd amendment rights.
radio plays, books, a film and probably many other forms of media, actually I only encountered these Douglas Adams works in the form of the books, though
Forgot 1337 and 9000.. you are not dank enough m8.
Could use some color to POP it!
Only because she a brunette with blue eyes.
because clearly old veigar was a great high-skillcap champion with tons of counterplay and no toxic kit whatsoever and because dabox said veigar is bad means that riot literally pulled a jagex on him
It's been a long time since a YOLO made me laugh.
They're too busy fixing the game
Because you won a lot, congratz.
RRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Yeah I remember that game had secrets no one could find.
Note how Poland is killing it...
And here I was thinking I gave out all my tears in the first Patrick video.
Just like how running with your arms thrown backwards helps going faster right?
what's a pocket?
proved... Nothing is proved until the plane has seen real combat situations.
I love how their brains basically shortcircuit on dominant women, and they still sort of try to find mental constructions how it's still HER that is being taken advantage of somehow.
But it's budget friendly!
SOB SOB SOB SOB SOB SOB KARMA KARMA KARMA KARMA KARMA
Matthew 7:1
or the starter.................
Hero Cabbie would be a great name for a rock band
cool
Theres a ton of [deleted] remarks...geez...what happened?
Bucks twitter probably, in the words of @kbutter_5, lls.
Can't do that on valve servers.
That's racist.
B... but how will I feel special without effort then?
If this was true Republicans would be building pools in every city
To be fair, the case that i have does not have that much room to put them through, the small crack is all i got to work with, hopefully in the next month or so i will upgrade my case
I will agree that most of the 32 titan gear looks ugly or lame.
Yup, that's what I do when I need to quit so their goalie doesn't get fatigued
especially if your children are in the water
But they did it to Diablo, that means it HAS to work for League and every other point and click game ever made!
Ray Narvaez Jr?
Thx for this insightful insight
here you dropped this:
Pretty much the same.
Rascist
fuck off you northern hippies, stop wastin our water on vineyards
Well then enjoy your geographic privilege!
Nah only the US affords such freedoms
Yea the guy working at applebees is making $100/hr.
It's from Inception.
Withdrawal symptoms
What was wrong with Harry Reid?
until VAC starts being aggressive with banning cheaters or keeping those same cheaters from ever playing again, yes cheaters will run rampant with the only repercussion being $15 dollars or $5 during sales.
But why should a completionist cape require completing content?
Scott Pilgrim VS The World...
12/10 with rice Thank you for your suggestion.
Damn MRAs with their totally unreasonable arguments about equal parenting rights and men's mental health issues!
Looks like I'm sitting on a fence again.
Not any more off topic than many opinions posted here everyday but I don't think the writer consulted with the women, slaves and peasant class of Athenians, only the privileged few were citizens.
Just checked and she's still not there, even though the cinematic's description says she's landed in the tower and to go help her.
... So you're saying we should be okay with kids leaving rifles in their lockers.
Cred ca mai multi bani strang eu din marunt intr-un an decat au strans astia de cand s-au infiintat.
Totally.
What, who doesn't like unrelated karma whoring that doesn't get purged?
But surely those churches are doing good things with all the money they saved on not paying taxes!
Yes and I'm sure as fox news have foretold Iran will use the nuclear weapons to destroy America and Israel... In that case we better destroy their country!
but he's white so it doesn't count...
well ***I*** came her for her vagina
Yeah man, Beardman was actually a goddamn American hero in this, teaching such a valuable lesson.
What happen?
WHY IS THIS A THING PLEASE STOP
Update that flair bro
i love shit covering the video.
Thats what the No campaign was all about wasn't it?
Isn't the official website enough?
If his mother in law had a gun she would have never been shot.
This game promotes violence towards men and should be banned.
its not like you can drive a tesla across the country and charge along the way for free or anything.
get out of here with your damn science
You forgot the
He obviously waited for level 6 so he had his ultimate
Do you still beat your wife?
What are you talking about, they mentioned the Celtics...
Yeah, going face every turn while ignoring everything else is a much better sorry with way more player interaction.
I'm genuinely looking for other options :o I see what you are saying though.
Whoa whoa whoa, let's not over exaggerate here.
Never thought I'd ever be driving my S40 and think about its F1 brethren...
Since when does 21-24 not qualify as adulthood?
Yet another example of an evil apostate inducing a young man into a life of violence!
of course a 60s would say that
Business have no right to choose who they cater to and they must offer goods of all sizes whether they expect them to sell or not and whether they make them a profit or not.
Looks like a mushroom on a necklace
Because they are mutually exclusive obviously
Yeah, I can't even *look* at his penis if it's darker than his thigh...ugh!
because reddit is 100% right about a game months before it comes out.
Yeah not like enough uproar got the CEO of a multi-million dollar company to speak directly to the community.
Not like any of them got into the HoF solely because of the Steelers SBs in the 70s and not their individual play
Choke on my sack
:) Maybe I should've added a
Obviously they detonated bombs from inside the building because jet fuel can't melt steel beams, DUH!
To sell games.
i wouldn't use that brass again
I know right I can't go five minutes without seeing one of those in r/new!
Cross those legs while doing it too
With all of the video cameras in Walmart, this is brave!
Did she make love like an eagle, falling out of the sky?
You mean a paladin
How is was today what happened?
Sweet paywall.
Huh, I haven't heard anything about that.
That's just what we need, real estate investors having a larger voice in how the world sees Portland.
Sir you were beaten to the post by a good 5 hours on this comment.
And I'm sure he wrote those sketches himself.
Yeah it's not like active devices just randomly *break*.
Of course they help but I don't think they help more than normal protectors
Oh my i never knew the middle east was in Asia.
We have some really clever comments down below
You could say he's on fire.
Woah guys we cant be discussing jon here, take this down
Yes, rockstar loves the bad pr GTA IV got.
Josh Freeman obviously
RAAAAAAAACISSSSSSST
Shit, dude, you only have 4,500 karma?
Don't worry I'm sure privatized education will fix things.
No, he's the victim here.
Well, they did design iOS 7..
Sports are for Nerds
If you stand up and embrace science, the future, and move out of the dark ages we will sue your ass into submission.
Wow, I didn't realise Galchenyuk was a hopeless failure at the nhl level, too!
2008 dodge Ram 1500...
$80k in loans, and computer engineering, start at $50k, few years I'll probably be making in upwards of $80k... but please, judge people before you even have the facts
don't you know that males have to be masculine at all times, no matter what, and if you show kindness or compassion you're TOTALLY GAY?
It is because you are supposed to use down and B.
Well, they're not in a rush, so why should they go faster?
*applauds* Yep, people who vaccinate are literally terrorists.
that is actually disgusting
Clearly, Cadbury is hiding from recent Hershey's settlement terms.
That rape culture people talk about, its in jails and prison not the public.
True, they will be back to their old selves in no time.
Good thing words have no meaning!
sometimes people want what they paid for, I know it's unreasonable of them right
Yeah huge mistake.. Complete waste of time
People talk about who's getting the share of the pie, but there's only so much more filling that pie can take.
Yep, black and green never existed before Microsoft created the Xbox.
I don't know, doesn't help us from the Muslim police in London
It's almost like commercials aren't real.
Do they use Boro Bamboo poles to support the wireless access points?
But but but high vg makes bigger clouds bruh
Is there a legal way to use it illegally?
...but then it inevitably goes back to its initial position and re-cramps, in my case.
That's not very Christian of her
Yeah well, LA won't be affected by climate change since everyone who matters has A/C anyways.
Oh, so she was asking for it?
Well, data collection isn't useful if it fails to get as much as it can.
Maybe you shouldve gone to school
The entire system is so corrupt now that even the most obtuse among us will eventually see it.
Please remove this post since he is not a majors player.
Bringing up that Penny Arcade comic about how rape is bad is my trigger!
Well if you Americans stopped bastardising our language... ;)
according to this author, nurses aren't but firefighters are, so they have more privilege to carry a gun :)
I do not believe you, give us one good example of this.
Please tell me you dropped your
he's stuck there because no one really gave a shit about legends 3
#actuallyreadabletumblrgifs
Truly the pride of Great Britain.
I've never once experienced that, but then again I'm in the uk so if I need to go back and clarify something etc.. I don't have to remortgage my house
/fair #ISeeNoProblemWithThat
Yeah fuck them for standing by their beliefs, amirite?
You need to take something that has a possibility of fatal overdose so that you'll respect the medication.
The conspiratards probably think the Illuminati/Jews/Reptilians bribed the Soviets into keeping their mouths shut about the fake Moon landings.
wtf m8 your ment to put montage parodies on this sub, not COD gameplay!
Why base important government policy on accurate statistics?
Oh yeah, if all this speculation about Nintendo sponsorship is true, I'm sure that'll go over real well.
Why *wouldn't* you want to be with such a positive and easy going girl?
All the same height lying down amiright?
They"re*
But Alberta is literally the worst place on Earth
But they were saying polar vortex on the 'news' this morning.
Just remember if you're serious, use the serious tag:
No she is just sexualized to be specifically objectified by men.
Dude, your phone is a useless piece of junk if you don't use Newsstand.
But an angel with a flaming sword told me to me worry about things that don't affect me....also I need to show other Christians my Jesus love is more better
Use them to power a little usb fan blow the dust off.
You have it backwards, the second law of thermodynamics proves god exists because it means evolution couldn't happen.
You would understand if you weren't so bad
Yea guys, this condescending douche knows best.
Yeah it's almost as if they were allies.
You mean the way she threw her shoe at him nearly injuring the officer?
How'd you get gta4 to work on a ps4, maybe that's your problem
Don't you dare post contradictory facts or positive statements that go against the circlejerk!
Because prison is inhumane
Wow, what a practical piece of advice.
yeah, he forgot the
No he obobviously means it tastes weird because it comes from an aquifer!
DAE think umpires should bat like pitchers so they can be held accountable?
That is the skinniest armed fat kid I've ever seen
It's not an apartment, it's public city land.
Is there actually any proof we didn't use some germ warfare?
Quickly, while he's not replying, RUN!
I think it's their link to cats (perhaps), and that may predispose them to the feline parasite that causes dimentia etc (or other things, idk)
If one team has a duo and the other does not, the team with the duo will on average face slightly tougher opponents
I see Craig has changed his batting stance...and I liked his old batting stance also!
Link doesn't work
Spoken like someone who just started watching football 2 weeks ago.
You can go to your dweller list, the left bar is their health/rads
I feel the same about bigots such as yourself.
what game is this?
it's almost as if it's not an alpha test and devs just want your money... but no seriously, I've duped to try it out and reported exactly how to do it on the issuetracker, if I get banned I'm just simply going to do a chargeback on my credit card
This indoctrinated children to be able to use NVG illuminators in future military conflicts.
People will yell ephebophile
but the calories...
You always wanted to be in the jury
I hate to break it to you but this is still armchair activism.
Standing in tribush all day every day!
IT'S A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE
Hydra would like to have a word with you.
I^did^not^know^that
Focusing on all the important questions!
Don't you mean that your comparing Messi with the two best players in the game ;)
The M7 has lollipop?
It's almost like we have something called taxes to pay for them!
So judgmental!
komplett used to be good, but they got bought out :(
Oh sweet then.
Switching to solo mode can often sort this out temporarily.
Yout can't distribute it...
For a general purpose, what's wrong with war, I recommend "war is a racket"
Seems like some James Bond shit
Whoosh!
Tank, not horse-drawn cart with either a muzzle-loading musket or a water gun.
Were you one of the people arguing that wow's boost to 90 was p2w?
You're gonna gargle mayonaise
It's ok, let's just set up a contrarian think tank at a university somewhere and get them to convince everyone that things are going well.
Well I don't think he'll get a notification since you replied to me?
You could still do that, but you'd have to be obscenely rich or poor with your money
tldr; a small percentage of jerks give the community a bad name
I wanted that bonus xp, only had 5ish real kills :P
Well, in general, its up to the community to enforce them via downvoting.
Such a tyrant.
Because demisexuality and demigender are totes real.
The shuttles.
I have a golden.. I do not understand.
Maybe there's a red dot outside, heh
He should really upgrade those walls and put a cupboard in the middle to lessen the chance of getting raided.
At some level this is clearly caused by government regulation.
just editing some game files, you can easily find tutorials on the net
I agree.
In current mechanics I would expect them to get a modifier.
Perhaps its part of a conspiracy to keep a certain number of people in at an age when they might consider leaving.....
Unless it's a semi automatic rifle, its definitely a shot gun.
Is that "I'm an emo kid, nonconformist as can be"?
I don't see any Zombie Dust so no.
Michael is that you?
Weird uncle named Storm Front.
Shit was hot
nah, they'd probably both turn into NaN.
You should probably re-read your comment, and realise how stupid you are.
I'm English, and even by English standards he's still a pompous git.
Who wants to go to a Broncos game this year?
They should just buy it.
This will also turn Costa Rica into an island
Let us know what you find!
I tested all my changes in the tutorials :p
Oh god I fucked it up
He doesn't realize the people in poverty are commuting by foot or bus, so... I'm sure their studying lots of books on communication, leadership, inbetween figuring out how to feed their children and keep their lights on.
Sorry for your loss :( *hugs*
Maybe then someone could finally manage to get every single card idolized up until this point.
it's already in motion!
Go SMS
Shitty computer.
Olde English 800, good sir.
Username pretty relevant...
15*
I'm going today as well
THE GRUMP HAVE STARTED TO MOVE!
Are you blind?
Martel's decision to exclude young boys is clear and obvious misandry on their part.
It's good to be King.
I mean if anything, Zeus would look at all these NSFM pictures and be all, "I should go turn into an animal and bone some chicks."
Go to [MTGOTraders](http://www.mtgotraders.com) and you can use cash or tickets to order singles there.
But it's Seattle...
*But only to the left
It was bad.
maybe its like saying "traveling first class i the ONLY way to fly!"
It was a limited edition 600 gem skin in beta though.
If the illegal dumpers are ever actually held accountable, I'm sure they will get a massive fine in the hundreds of dollars and they will never dare to do it again.
This scares the living shit out of me.
Its his catchphrase from Big Boss 8
That's what NatGeo said.
brb going to buy some glasses
Pubic Wigs are called Merkins.
For any non-discriminatory reason.
My bf and I can't do anything of the sort since he's so tall and I'm so short :(
Saw him like 2 weeks ago in some frontpage post, I think.
Haha
No fuck you guys, America is all that matters
And yet lots of folks who said that at the time got ripped on for it.
Usually you're just asked to affirm you're going to speak the truth.
I WANT TO BELIEVE!
BURN THE HERETIC
UGH LOOK AT THESE DOWNGRADED GFX
didnt downvote it but its not exactly true you cant hit a scripter with a blitz hook for an example, unless he is standing right between a tower and a wall and you position yourself in the right angle, both blitz and scripter standing next to a wall might also work that goes for a lot of champions, the minority of champions has a skill big and fast enough to hit someone that is scripting in open space and even when they do there is a chance that the good player slightly missed the dead angle, which would still hit everyone that doesnt start moving right at the start of the animation or before it
Hey baby... want to see Wu's Wang?
Awwww so smart, unlike the common sheeple
He got two ness', give downvotes.
Meh, it isn't really worth it
Where do I sign?
Other Sabbath songs lol
:'(
hundsight is 0/1
Dahell you talking about, my 6300 runs Civ 5, BF3 and BF4 at ultra no problem.
so i just send it to 3 people right?
You mean nephew, its still gaf.
Or Ryan Gosling, honestly it could be anyone really.
S'byotiful.
Sweet link
this got spamfiltered for some reason and i just approved it now, feel free to repost it
It's not the cops' fault what the horses do.
I think we have a great kicker on the team as a RS right now, but from what I understand he showed up to school and I guess he was a lot smaller than they thought he was, so they redshirted him so he could beef up because they were afraid he'd get murdered.
Sweet thanks.
I have a 4690K with a H80i and a 980TI with a 700w PSU, you'll be fine for power.
Oh, god, I just re-read it to see what you saw...
I guess this championship doesn't count for LeBron
ZINGER!
Shitty joke, shitty tip.
you're just jelly
Name calling works, you conspiracy theorist.
It's a quote, it must be true!
professional mma fighter definitely falls in to the fat category being discussed here
They made it for just this exact situation.
For the sake of the match up, why not consider chakra and Ki the same?
I mean, clearly the solution to their problem is to just walk into a group of Asian women and one of them will snap him up in a hurry because she can't wait to steal a "white man".
It's not really 'in a way', it's explicitly that.
Riot isn't your mom man, control that shit yourself.
Life lessons from GRRM yo
Don't you know that one uncertified cow, left unlicensed, can potentially kill millions?
8 sas hotswap bays in the front is the main difference.
Chevy chase is like that one guy I kinda respect but would be disrespectful to if I needed.
Because being attracted to a black person is so horrible right?
It's good to see that whistle-blowers the world around are getting a fair shake for putting their careers on the line and lives in jeopardy to point out vile abuses and excesses by their overlords.
Yeah, absolutely not happening.
You forgot the massive ascii text thumbs up comments.
WOAH NSFW
I didn't but you guys sure brought a lot of snipers judging by the green dots on the GK.
I'm taking Gotze over both
Why do you put effort into maintaining such a thing?
It's just like Another volume right?
Welp, that campaign was certainly successful.
**wink wink**
Minus a few arms.
When does your next single come out?
Yes, that's exactly what I said
Really sucks that they're incapable of taking action themselves
You just got f'ed in the A.
It is, everyone who becomes familiar with Nef's deck, can lose ONLY if his ability brings out sucky cards.
Just installed it, thanks for the tip!
How?
his whip is made from lava man, don't be a dick
I understand violating policy is sometimes appropriate(though it should be done very rarely), it's still important to know what the policy is.
Too much flippy shit.....
NO YOU WILL TAKE SMART AND YOU WILL LIKE IT *downvotes*
Who would want to subscribe to one of the worst subreddits out there!
But the computer isn't made for the games!
Has nothing to do with the inherent racism of the monied class.
Where's Bronwyn Bishop when you need that unbiased opinion...
My thoughts exactly, many papers are in a Scylla and Charybdis crisis these days.
haha I like your art though
Happy well rested and engaged employees will outperform 10hr/day grinders 9/10 times.
Op has no chill
Not sure if you're being sarcastic or not but is it possible he meant star as in generic celestial body, not star as in giant gaseous ball of flame?
He must be pretty skilled to cause ALL their problems
yup, all those shooters were law abiding, properly trained CCW license-holders alright.
superscript
I HOPE THAT LAFC DOESN'T FIND A PLACE TO BUILD A STADIUM AND END UP PLAYING AT STUBHUB.
That's funny because America is the only country to have actually used their nuclear weapons.
Well isn't it really nice of you to post your wallpaper with the time and the battery percentage when you took the screenshot.
*balls recede into stomach
Just got added to the pauper cube at my lgs with last week's winners signature on it!
LGA 2011 here... what is this "stock-heat-sink" you speak of?
It's sad because it was once amazing.
is the technical director like the Director of Football in Euro clubs?
yep, a lvl 32 will do about 45% damage on them... should be... fun
I agree, I find that getting 10ip is e-bullying
Kids playing with them, get the toad poison on there hands, stick fingers in mouth as kids do.
I prefer the foongu
Actually, it's about equality.
Yeah, I mean like, what's with everyone wanting rights and stuff?
He is true patriot!
I forgot that "real media" spoke for actual citizens...
I think we can agree, whichever you take will be the wrong one.
Shouldn't he be focusing on his racing rather than all these other things?
Haha, it's really great to have so much sunlight.
I'm sure they knew some tricks they learned over the years, but history shows how little they were aware of about the human body.
Child abuse is hilarious
It would come out like playdough.
BUT WHAT IF HE'S JUST ADDING SMOKE TO AN ALREADY DENSE SMOKESCREEN?
I debated getting a 1020 at one point, but I think I'm gonna wait for Microsoft's Lumia 940 or whatever it'll be called.
Well, with 700 billion dollars, why not?
As if their employees can afford drugs!
What, your infantry unit didn't have it's own machine shop?
Yes and in my religion it is a protected right to beat children, so it's not wrong!
Nope, it's this one crazy loophole that next to no one is exploiting.
wha?
Sure, but there is no justification for denying the political and economic right of one because it hurts the feelings of another.
thats one sweet ass fucking jacket
Loli-basket, Slam Dunk ain't got shit on that
Not Mick Foley, ya weak bastard!
I LOVE EVERYONE
Yeah because Africa was always such a paradise before Islam
God she was ghastly back then
I'm no math major but I think 10% in USD is the same as 10% in any unit of measure.
Just color the entire African continent and Middle East red, after all, they are all homogenous!
OKC tanking, saving themselves for next year
Sunny Coast bogans aren't exactly known for their worldliness and depth of thought :P
You're adopted
Because 83% of all pedophiliac kidnappings are within 4 doors of the victims apartment.
I sent them :D
Everything **real** runs on Angular and Mongo, you dinosaur.
But... but.. muh beats
Suddenly a statue is staring at you
Sadly its 1080p 100FPS =( It looks very blurry to my eyes when playing.
Genetics!
Subtle shot at Votto?
That's comforting...
I never worked in the phone industry but I have heard that spontaneous hydration is a common problem.
Lol no, Iran doesn't want anything to do with the US besides having this nuclear done and wipe out ISIS.
Your mother finished early!
May I know your specs?
It was ProjectN, completely different
YOU HATEFUL BIGOT
Because they'll live to see their 50s haha ok.
Muslims are evil and closet socialist #foxnewsfacts
What are you doing using if and consistency, I thought the thunder fans had the monopoly on that this year?
Because our branch of service was a part of the army at one point... ha ha ha
Yes.
Its only a few bad apples!
Yeah, but it does happen in the three cinematic masterpieces that were the prequels.
The Pope shall not control the white house,ever, but Charles Koch is A-OK in my book!
I could have sworn Elizabeth Warren was pro-rated
Oh yeah LE totally has no clue what's going on and couldn't crackdown on dnms, like that literally has never happened.
Awwww shit, you totally showed him.
The US isn't in charge
Yeah, I hate playing the game too!
Well obviously all those female ratings are boosted because they wore short skirts around the office and slept their way around!
Put some oil on the brakes and you won't hear a single squeak again.
Well since it's against the law it can't happen
Today sucked because for glory was just mewtwo.
you forgot your
Holy shit, did he seriously use that word in his first sentence?
Ok, good response, thanks.
Right, because Johnny Storm's race is equally important to his character as Black Panther's.
dig srv _kerberos._tcp.domain
Yeah, fuck people and their freedoms!
don't live w your parents and/or kill your sister
All the reason more for me to join them Ave, true to Allah!
This is retarded... We finished 5th/6th, so it's only reasonable to upgrade our players with the 10th place team that only won one game all season.
have your friend put the pill in your mouth?
When you lift too much...
Its raining men....
Or you know, they are just a regular Circus, a type of organization that existed for centuries before someone decided to make a fancy circus show in Vegas.
sad face
Have you considered applying to the companies directly instead of going through an expensive introduction ?
Same thought
Yeah, y'know, cause that's not childish and immature at all...
i hope the guy you replied to forgot his
Thanks m8 I'm trying my best
I have heard, though, that if you say you're not a hipster then you are a hipster!
The things the Royal family will do to get them knocked off the headline slot is truly frightening
Hey, this way he doesn't need to replace anything that has his wife's name on it!
This guy has clearly been vaccinated what with the autism and all.
Pretty sure Jesus is a futbol player.
Yes because the plebians are never violent
Sure that will save the world won't it, hack a few websites, if anonymous were around in 1939, WW2 would never of happened
Shut the fuck up and get out of our sub TLDR: Yes
Because these people are all cis white misogynist shitlords, of course!
Metrics are too triggering, everyone needs to create their own measures for health based on joyful movement, intuitive eating and listening to their body.
fire capers!
b-b-but he offered to buy you a meal?
See, they told us there were dedicated servers
Reporting from Le Roy, 25-30 minutes to get anywhere.
Oooh thats a good one.
but its the only map on CS GO
It's NerdCubed, because Mufasa is dead.
Ok, I'm really glad you are letting us know
This time with more swastikas!
This is retarded.
Aww but Kerser tha sickest bruv!
why is it so unlikely?
or
Luckily they continue to provide obscene profits to the US corporate warmongers so that they can continue to provide large donations to the politicians that they need to ensure a continuous state of war somewhere in the world.
But this is reddit, and everything is the fault of PC feminists and SJW's.
i just think for this one person for this type of crime this person should not be treated kindly at all by anyone.
But that's SHOEHORNING IN FEMALE CHARACTERS
Plot twist: Pro KPK paid them to say that to further reduce BG reputation or whatever left on him.
Yea he couldn't even score what a scrub
I would like to see your comparison of the spaceship 2, New York's subway system and a skate board.
Yeah, that's why there's such an overwhelming percentage of blacks and Latinos in the American university system.
Can I have 12.7 mm in Freedom Units?
Yeah Damian looks exactly like a young couple who one day 5 years from now will have a kid.
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHA I HAVE NEVER HEARD THAT JOKE BEFORE HOW DID YOU MAKE IT UP?
But guys, Islam is a peaceful religion
Because mahhammut is God's chosen messenger and I love him more than I love myself hurr durr
Too much gameplay can make your eyes tired, The Order:1886 devs are doing the gaming community a favor.
Wow bunch of Rockefellers here with their fancy "lunch breaks"
What do you mean they still have Ruslan Fedetanko.
Your shoppin' skills are *beyond compare*
but having to simply exist in the same universe as fat people is a cost that society should not have to shoulder
So Iron Breaker?
This is very true - as a bisexual I find myself incapable of being friends with anyone!
Yes... *women*... Men of course are completely immune to all forms of validation!
Well isn't that adorable, I just want to hold him in my arms!
He isn't very good at reading comprehension either.
you mean black.
They do in America.
You had to have dropped this.
I mean, they invented oats.
Wait...but anarchists still want police forces and capitalism, right?
Makes sense, since this is all just a really advanced Civilization game, and we are all just bits of 1's and 0's.
and atheists are clearly more intelligent than theists.
I can't find this sub -.-
There is, it's called the MLS.
maybe he's short on money
Fucking?
Jack and Jill
tbh if she really loved him, she should have been.
Well... I wonder who's going to win...
Uh... you must not know me very well.
This must be so useful for Tyr.
It means putting a second clock over your clock.
Is it possible for a big enough object to strike the moon and send the moon into Earth?
No, Jagex's ban system has no errors, OP is guilty.
Yeah, because it's the awnser to the problem is fucking obvious.
Link's not working for me
Yep, and that's successfully ended homosexuality and teen pregnancy!
Please, the media has no time for a group of black guys killing a white guy right now!
This definitely looks like a level headed, responsible gun owner.
Maybe they should do what the Skullgirls devs are doing and ask for a team of volunteers.
Holy crap i knew this exists i feel lucky for not seeing this yet
You should be, I'm helping draw the new characters in volume 3.
NOT GOOD ENOUGH
He should have minded his own business.
small towns in Sweden = scary
Yeah, fuck that guy in seat B. What a cunt.
Unless the devil put them there to trick us!
don't hold back, tell us how you feel hope you forgot the
I also recommend ESEA
No one ever reads the side bar...
I'm guessing OP didn't deliver.
This method is in the XDA S4 section.
I was too, until he asked why he was being downvoted with a -1 score.
Well, to be fair, you guys are being complete dicks with Ukraine.
Is it?
Same thing happened to me a while back.
I'm actually kiwi, so I know next to nothing about tipping asides from reddit and the odd trip to USA.
I love stick man because that was my school jumper, just sky and navy instead of red and black.
Unless, of course, the limbs of the bow snap.
Pics or it didn't happen
Darkrai amiibo would be an instant pre-order for me.
I like to think the Vatican would get some come-uppance.
You always have to beat the shit out of a loser don't you?
Point her in the direction of cuter healthier dogs... For her bank accounts sake
I think the greatest game of all time was Pittsburgh/Arizona Super Bowl.
Guys look, I drove straight and got lucky, I'm such a good driver
But I really like Grigsy...
Yes you have to buy them if you want to advance...
Racism is never not funny.
Definitely Winnipeg-level cleverness, would be better if it wasn't barely audible.
Hun hun hun hun hun hun hun hun hun hun hun hun...
Nice cleav
1 Your mom 2 Your dad 3 My dick
Thanks for the recommendations
Let me rephrase, it has the potential to be amazing.
Then jettison the command module an suck everyone out into space where they get bombarded by space radiation and turn into space zombies and float back into earths atmosphere and ignite in the atmosphere and become burning space zombie meteors.
Sansa has lied her ass off by now, id hope she would come up with something better.
Thanks, will check it out.
For some reason the Confederate flag supposedly represents racism, but the modern US flag doesn't...huh...
Did you take damage from enemy in a while
No but you don't understand they ruined u
A hilarious one, at that.
Great advice
Well ain't that some shit that don't stink
man and woman in Up
Maybe if you're envious of other's love.
It could be a brother to another facehugger though right?
Community college(payed for by myself) + tiring shitty part time job + trying to find a hobby= my life
Best song on the EP &lt;3
That wouldn't be a problem because women can't rape people.
David Tennant looks like a conservative preacher
so are we talking about the past or the present?
Can this be integrated into bitmessage without breaking backwards compatibility?
What are the odds they would have done the same thing had a male presenter made the statement?
Yeah he does but only because of his superior ex machina suit
Same with bookmarks I think
So basically "hurr durr child molestation hurr durr?"
Waffle... duh
Ask me anything
I mean, part of it is legitimately that the people in the major alliances that either get on the CSM or sometimes end up working with CCP have much more pull.
Who brings an mflb to a party to pass around, seems a bit unusual
This has been known for some time now.
I take no responsibility for this state.
Facts are for newspapers and SJWs.
I know French, didn't know smashy smash.
They do but they aren't really shown at all.
Football you fucking retard.
Lingering Will is one.
Dellajehova's Witness?
Do you have the Playstation App?
Because the Chrome team is going to get right on that.
omg stop
She's inspirational, really
It wasn't ruled anything since interference isn't reviewable on a goal.
Thiago Alves can only win this one if he sticks with his gameplan but I doubt it.. I see Thiago Alves winning.
It wasn't a trade but they did swap teams thru free agency.
You're really brave trusting Nintendo enough to spend $40 on digital copies.
Ahmadi!
One step closer to McEichel
Better be careful in the first pic, she wouldn't want to get herpes.
That's the basic premise of most FPS games, who can aim and shoot faster.
I was using it as an example.. im not made of money.
How nice that Iran is ready to embrace the total surveillance models of free, first-world countries.
Can't find you, just post a link to your profile please.
I have a ticket logged with rockstar but no response yet.
Or show up in ss garb
Well that's just not true, the White Collar comedy tour is the be....I can't do it.... Ron White is okay in small doses, but that's about it.
I really hope you're single and that's a joke.. Cuz that's just some fucked up shit to say
I know some guys in southern AZ that will pay you alot of money for your talents.
Well if I shouldn't be sorry then neither should you :)
Cunt
*shrugs* Google has nothing... odd....
You could contact them...
RIP Turd agni
What a unique idea.
Why would you let a child hold your gun?
It has the forbidden fruit aspect.
The reaction is certainly disproportionate to the "offence" (which I put in inverted commas because I don't think much of an offence had taken place).
Hey, my sexuality is brussel sprouts and I'm feeling personally attacked right now.
Mac OS X?
The fact that we need to ask the Russians for a ride into space because we don't have any current manned vehicles.
That can be your answer.
Well the bullet has to hit somewhere, you got lucky.
AND HIS NAME IS JOHN PUTIN!
I like the one where Jeremy drives it around town.
Clearly it's Jade Helm!
I am literally just as qualified to be a doctor as anyone that has graduated med school.
Dhhsshsu dsis ehdu gaayters in ma liyfe
How do you change it to something else?
2004 even better than that.
Except that the only people who have internet in NK are KJU and a few high ranking officials... so it would be pointless.
Why can't the world be more like in my dreams?
Because mob rule usually works out so well, right?
vasectomy can be easily reversed too, just need to test for antibodies.
You said play the same characters without changing platforms.
Mental disabilities
Drown caged basement captives
about 4'9"
A real writer uses both!
If it was he would have put the
It may not be on this version of the form but at the roadshow they specifically stated it has one
That's not a penis... that's a third leg!
Whoosh.
Who said anything about current prisoners?
That series is very well produced and I suggest you take a look at the rest as well!
It was in a bag that ziplocks shut.
that would be a terrible trade for you.
I need to download tinder now
Wouldn't that be a problem only if there weren't overwhelming other votes that are more "honest" on their ideology?
equally interesting as OKC fans thinking its impossible for him to leave
How dare he have a different kind of fun than us!
You sexist pig!
No worries, always happy to help :) And thank you for your post.
Good man.
lol, so we're from the same office.
But, but, those aren't *Real* feminists!
In order to be a native of Greenland you need to learn to drink a lot of alcohol daily
perfect judgment, this coming from someone who rides bears...
No, separate and *unequal* to make up for the white supremacist hell of a society that we live in.
You should express this to him!
DAYMAN!
I think your face is kind of masculine, might be your eyebrows that's the problem.
Spoiler Alert: it's not bullshit
I... kinda wish you hadn't told me that.
I think he is suggesting hookers.
I was super impressed until he jumped.. Such disappointment.
Can you 3D us another 10 pick?
Well, he seems like an incredibly charming chap...
I mean, it's not like there's a source for nude pictures on the internet...
Yup
Only if you don't count the most powerful weapon of all, our people.
Better then being a fullonrapist
Never being able to get an erection.
clam down.
Yes, but the whole "Muslims will go to hell if exposed to pork," is just fantasy.
obviously the American south is the only place in the country with high gun ownership/young people smoking marijuana.
Pretty sure they did that because of all the morons getting stuck behind the wall when it spawns, then being unable to clear the mobs to continue the objective
I don't know, I'm not sure it could be a sudden/unexpected as Wash's death in Serenity...
I live in Calumet, and *apparently*, we get more snow than Houghton.
Obviously because capitalism gives men lots of money and men use the money and their innate aggression to buy weapons and murder trans people with them!
sure, as soon as I get back from work :)
I heard it was going be a Negro, this country is going down the shitter.
Yeah-
How do you get such a low angle?
Ya, Cheney/Bush ignored all the experts that warned them that invading Iraq would end in disaster; because this was going to be great war between good and evil and Jesus would help out.
The evidence is overwhelming
It seems to me the only reason you would think life to be pointless if we always end up dead is if you suppose that the purpose of life is to be immortal, but why would you suppose that?
Well maybe they'll start using the encrypted means of communication developed for them.
This is the kind of insightful commentary I come to this subreddit for.
they activate once the thread gets too much attention at 24 upvotes only - it is better to leave it to pass away
Can paper be feminist?
I think he's going to call a press conference to take a mask off and say that he is the real lane kiffin.
They're fixing the problem by coming out with a new game!
Samurai Champloo Cowboy Bebop Rideback?
I'm so glad that you are able to read my mind, because that is exactly my thought process...
because PSN invented a "whats new" section
translation?
Why do we give a shit what a 15 year old says about relationships, she's probably donut-kin already.
No
That punctuation tho...
No worries man!
He probably just bought a tablet.
If it looks like they'll lose then the Rioter will ban enemy players in the middle of the game so they win
the 2000's called and want both the frame and the refresh back immediately
Non-English person checking in, Scotland and England are the same place.
One rare deranged individual committing a heinous crime on a child doesn't mean you have to lock your 20 year old in a bubble.
but but think about all the poor eurpoeans who make less money than american who aren't the ones buying RP, how will these poor people who aren't buying luxury goods to begin with going to afford that new annie skin
This is going to feel like the longest month ever.
they're alright, look beautiful also
I'm sure nothing gets an INFJ's pants off quicker than the phrase of "in the name of science."
No, it has to be one continuous orgasm or else we should all die.
I doubt that
I like to watch Netflix while mining, it's really the only way to go.
But that's like three or four seats for paying customers right there!
But I like hanging out all day to 1v1 someone.
Did OP Finnish HW yet?
But Dunga was in charge of the very successful 2010 WC participation.
Clearly, corporations should be given free reign to poison people as long as the poisons they're using exist elsewhere in the universe
Actually, I watched American Horror Story and you can have twins with different fathers!
Corporal cuddling
[towel]
So as someone suggested in one of the other threads... Chuck-e-cheese?
What dupe glitch is patched?
no dude 1.6 was literally the best and CS GO is absolute shit
the concept is nice but it seemed a bit stretched
Ah close, it only works if those threats are violence.
Username checks out
Fucking asshole guys getting all the sex
Excellent journalism !
Nope, it has the exynos
Summer Brielle - Spring Break Forever
Yeah, Rickey should have just held at first sometimes when he hit a homer cuz speed on the paths is better than a guaranteed run.
That excuse only works when used sparingly and with class and care.
You're just too afraid to be wrong!
But she's got *CURVES*!
Gun control sure seems to be working great there!
Goat Simulator?
EXIT SCAM ALL MY COINS ARE GONE OMG
No way, I would much rather pass it off to a flat 12
He's pretty much pro-everything-shitty.
Time to splash....
See what happens when you get rid of all those pesky 'regulations' that are holding our companies back!
Now I want that one so my other one can have a friend....
Oh right, because only one side is killing civilians and destroying infrastructure.
Winnipeg is know for its extravagant nature
Good thing we're not following that whole religious establishment clause anymore.
benchmark it with Assassin's Creed Unity
They got halfway through and decided they needed another commercial break.
War on drugs being effective.
You forgot death by snu snu.
Nice to see they brought back the Wrestlemania 28 set.
Pfft reading laws before protesting them is for bigots.
Now here's some quality content!
Favorite Charles Wesley hymn?
You have no idea how this works, do you?
How are you gona pick up metal girls not knowing who people are?
Man I've never seen a class so cooperative let alone the fact that there was no snitch.
If they are truly Christian, they will now quietly donate it all to the homeless, and poor (or is it just the hatred bits of the bible that they like)
because that's not a different way to say what I said.
And then take the onee-chans and make a new kingdom!
Just get them maxed asap and you will never have to bother with them again.... Ever... :-)
The poor oppressed white man just can't catch a break.
Thank god Riot has it's priorities straight and works on something important for a change.
A woman is anyone who thinks they're a woman!
i'm talking like a zaryte bow
Now remember folks: anti-semetism doesn't exist, and this was just a rational reaction to the policies of Israel, and in no way indicates hatred of Jews
Oh you are right... it totally looks like shit now that you mention it.
It's one of the world's greatest mysteries.
Onix is save, we released some digletts.
Reminds me of about 75% of your fanbase though.
I fucking hate that billboard.
Because the same employees and teams are clearly responsible for skins as the actual mechanics, client, replay system or infrastructure
Better than that shitlord Zelda guy who is always saving princess what's her face.
Not where I live....
guys give her a break, gaming is probably really hard on a macbook.
Especially with a guy you met 7 months ago and got you pregnant 5 months into the relationship.
Hey don't insult the mentally handicapped like that
If we're really lucky the top 80 will be milky way shots.
Exactly, which is why the death penalty is so effective
Also if you wanna djent the fuck out of the guitar!
Good thing we've got that Sbisa all locked up.
Maybe if people started pointing Jesus forwards instead of with his back to the road, he'd be a better driver.
All the stores are closed for Christmas except ammunation.
Put in Demaryius Thomas and half of the results are Julius.
A map that will likely only be available in one playlist and rarely come up, oh boy can't wait!
I'm going to start complaining about the complainers complaining about those people complaining.
You can't prove that purple dickbutts don't live in the core of the Sun so it is a completely plausible premise for my film with my artistic license.
'LILO' means 'LOST' in the native Hawai'ian language.
Yeah, I mean every WI running back averages 8 ypc, what's so special about Gordon?
The Good Ones
It's referencing the players, not the characters.
If you repeat it you'll get back to starting light so I don't know if that'll work out.
Compelling argument.
Legends to PC confirmed?
Remember, if you see any fossils, the devil put them there to trick you.
How dare those heteros put an effort into their appearance...
The true white European countries stand up against the Americanized Islamofascists of the EU!
Yes, because they only get you in your bedroom.
#THESKYISFALLING
Yeah, we only stopped sneezing god knows when, let's be realistic.
Ketostix
Ya Akhi if the devil wants to pray, let him pray.
Pfffft, as if *some girl* can get TOP to undress.
The cats, on the other hand, have a striking similarity.
How's that lido2 treating you?
But I thought bacon makes everything better...
They're _giveaways_ and _shout outs_ not ads.
dude this and hitman just focus on killing, it's so stupid and repetative.
Bbbbbbbut 20% of the men are fucking 80% of the women!
Pro-Choice For Big Government For Government taking care of them Loves bashing men, especially white men (the preferred whipping boy of the Democratic party) Given a platform to air their bs on liberal outlets (NBC) Love to cry "sexism" at every opportunity Yea, feminists are definitely closet conservatives
But an *honest* dick... so he's above them on the morality scale
Right, it is impossible to have free will and determinism
Se facevano il funerale a Napoli questo non succedeva.
Oh, the Apple branded ones from the Apple Store?
Yes, something completely within one's control is so comparable to one you cannot.
well, the boom is stagnating, the only explanation is surely the orwellian US regulations so we must eliminate them and let the free market truly flourish.
Nestle uses value based pricing, why shouldn't we?
Wow, who would have though an article talking about a movie about giant cave spiders would have spiders in it, Thanks for the warning OP, never would have figured it out for myself.
Nonon, It is the crazy iranian ragem that said nusra have them the tip, dont listen to them
It's your insight - I just glommed on.
But the GOP response to the SOTU said they know what it's like to be a poor, average Joe.
Because this won't cause any unexpected violent attitudes towards women at all
Yeah, their Super Bowl runs should have asterisks.
Well compared to the UKIPs he's a limp wristed left wing loon
MEXICANTS AREN'T HUMAN THO
Oh yeah, if it's OK with Machiavelli then it's OK.
It's not snowing this very second lol where is the snow #bust2015
It should take glimmer from the killed player!
For anyone else that wasn't to sure,
That's what they want you to think...
Oh yeah, because government proclamations always work out for the consumer
and is a redditor for 1 day checks out
Gotta love that expert zoning.
But you see, due to the increased level of training concealed carriers must have you are actually safer in the presence of one than you are in the presence of a police officer.
Yeah, Don't Starve is super cozy
Watchmen Spoilers: [Ozymandias]
It's great to know that all us disabled people are just worthless burdens on our families that should had never been allowed to be born, too.
GAMES FREE STOP BEING ENTITLED
U a hot gril?
Funniest thing ive seen all day.
Whoopee!
Byron Maxwell to the Niners confirmed?
So statistically you are saying they could make good pets
BUT STOP MAKING JOKES ABOUT WHITE CISHET MEN WE'RE NOT ALL THE SAME YOU KNOW AND IT'S ACTUALLY REALLY RACIST AND HETEROPHOBIC #NOTALLMEN
and what an example you are of gudpoasting.
While we're at it let's mute all ironmen so that they can't talk, which is clearly player interaction and against the rules.
Yea, Greece really is a responsible member who vetoed out if their own conscience and not bias...
No, no, no, a million times no!
Why would I want to 10x better your ass
Sorry i dont ubderstand, why are paladins the reason you dont role stats?
Smart thief, dumb OP.
Come to Japan, your disgusting fetishes are completely accepted by the Japanese people!
Thanks for sharing when you got it figured out.
I agree, we need to make things easier for Adagio, he's having a hard time.
Please Amaz, sign Zetalot!
/pol/ taught me the truth!
It cuts each hair follicle 6 times and provides double the shavings over the Mach 3!
That's the fattest thing I've seen all day.
So, a number slightly less than 3 then?
The word "so" in front of everything I say.
I remember when he used to love me like that.
Doublelift literally worst AD Carry NA
Dingleberry!
PvP "improvements"..... whoo hoo
Are you sure he didn't ban himself?
Yeah, those cops should have let the guy run away and not arrest him or talked him into submission!
this must be because of America
Facts are racist, check your privilege
Forgot something, had to go back to get it.
I'm gonna start a revolution from my bed 'Cos you said the brains I had went to my head.
What a coincidence
FUCK dude, that's like, so fucking *metal*!
I'm just hoping this is
I'm sure no parent would deny their child's request to transfer another school in order for their child to "promote the gay lifestyle".
Meh, I heard it took more to get Axel Rose on stage
If only fiff was there to throw the flashes and smokes then they could've held b CT side on overpass
whats the context i missed it?
I like turtles
Prepare my bed for sleeping in, for unknown reasons.
but the caffein will make you like TOO focused!
that would take effort
world 1st, congrats mate!
COD2/COD4/WaW were trash on PC...amirite?
Isn't this why Sakurai took out SSE, maybe the next Smash won't have music
And hey, if we get a new coach that'll end the Hard Knocks debate really early.
Thank you for your profession NFL Scouring expertise.
It's a romhack.
Can't wait to see a 10 inch phone and a 6 inch tablet!
Maybe this one will do good.
I crack my knuckles and have arthritis, meaning I just disproved your statement!
This team is out of shape and now becoming injury prone
Forgot this
Legolas jumps in and kills Gimli
Yeah those bastards vicks and wedge are just such throwaway humor.
Why try things when I can just ask and have someone else tell me?
Good to see she went in with an open mind.
Unzippable - Able to be unzipped Inzippable - Inability to be unzipped Problem solved.
Nope, voting never changes anything, Russell Brand told me that
Thank you c:
3:21:58 is the timestamp in case it fails to load for you.
And then his wife found out.
I don't think he's coming back :/
Wow, your mom sounds seriously psychologically disturbed.
Although if you compare Putin's Russia to Gorbachev's Soviet Union, it may well be less open and democratic now.
I recall they used this in an episode of *Boston Legal*.
The AT ammo on the 15mm can kill medium tanks, not sure against players.
Meepo beyond godlike rampage
I like how "Community" handled a Subway placement.
so how do we know OP hasn't verified the gun isn't loaded?
yea no don't make it seem like you can't soloq past sem...
Mr_s3rius is kill
Why are you racist toward shibas :(
Maybe her name is Yong or Minyong.
Dix!
Valve's making a proprietary console, but apparently its okay because its made by Valve.
You will find the same label applied to anything that even threatens to exist in the state of California.
Obama sure changed Pakistan, Syria, Yemen, Honduras, Ukraine, etc.
Just curious, how many times a day do you get the "Are you that guy from that forum?
If you had most/all of your nutrients being malabsorbed, of course you probably feel more lethargic as well.
[Portugal vs Spain World Cup when? ]
Help I got paper stuck in my shutter what do I do?
I am sure that human actions are not a major factor in this event.
cap reference.
Buying wards instead of damage
Mig-29 was built to counter F-15
He seems to take such massive touches since the patch but it could be down to me going for a rough patch.
Moussa Sow genuinely sounds like a Game Of Thrones character.
I have a fantasy that those leaving the party have read the TPP and retired as a matter of conscience, not wanting to be complicit in a corporate coup.
Riley Curry = Finals MVP
Yeah oops got my years mixed up I meant 13' thanks for that correction though.
Puppet?
Just give it time for your sims to graduate through the system.
You can have any name you want when you're a manufactured celebrity.
A little under $11,000, so I'd probably buy an Xbox One and some games, a good used car, some nicer clothes, and then start paying off some student loans with what's left.
I believe the justification is that kids could swap items from their lunches, meaning that kids with peanut allergies might accidentally eat peanut-containing food.
So you DON'T mean the structure of space-time, just that the 3D layout is rippled?
Not enough edge.
Maybe because it's the first step for the new graphical API which supports the goggles and later on actual holographic devices (not to mention offshoots for 3d printing, machining and telerobotics/telepresence).
urns!
Fun fun
Dig let
Oh but we were happy in those days!
Heather looks exactly like Marie from Breaking Bad...
For what it's worth, I pretty much have the same reaction about you anytime immigration is brought up.
Yes, but it is still targeted at one specific troop or building.
once you hit 50, they'll show up at the quest counter on their own, the same that that advance quests showed up for you when you hit 45.
Hey man this is reddit, where democrats can't be wrong, republicans are the spawn of satan And Bernie sanders is the finest thing to happen to this world since Obama and his "most transparent administration ever"
I clicked on this with a sense of curiosity and then remembered I don't have a job :(
Same here
You're doing God's work son.
You almost feel like the announcer is laughing at them @ 9:15
Worst FtM ever
Drunk Me buys Sober Me a cocktail, and we giggle and talk about all sorts of stupid stuff...but then there isn't a Sober Me anymore.
He has but he will be one of those healthy scratch guys who didn't really contribute to anything and I just think that ruins it for me personally.
Name checks out.
Did they discard you for using unnecessary commas?
Also if you could somehow trigger them with an initial message about how you're going to rape them.... get's them wet 100%
Because we have to circlejerk against MMF and OM&amp;M because they're too popular
Bonnie my fucking feet are flying
I have been eviscerated by your edge.
Because "hurr durr Islam=Stone Age hurr durr"
It gets better.....right?
Not to mention some of the best run stopping games were w/o fairly anyway
Ever since he played this on snapchat after sonny rapped rari workout all i can hear in the vocals is "rari workouuutl"
Was that a typo or did you mean to say people have Jew minds?
I trick or treated up to 18
You're thinking of the world cup in Quatar
Pretty General, honestly
I enjoy the chaos.
The reppppppppoooooooosssstttttttt
:D mum was right
4 for bank spacers.... what?
You fools, Russia will only become stronger as they'll be able to inhabit more and more of the country as the Taiga thaws.
The Wall?
*walks outside* - yep THAT is what it IS like, now cleanup your fucking litter and grow up, if you think statements like that are true you are a moron
When I rewatch the show, I stop when Michael leaves
/#UnderstandingWhyThatMastersDidntPayOff
Considering what he's gone through to get that cone, I think he deserver all the treats.
Not any more..
Gr8 b8 m8
How can he be a Pennsylvania driver if he maintains his lane?
Could you direct me to the post on the forums for that, I want to follow it's development.
Yes, I know a few convinced deists but they don't believe that the creator wants to interact with his creation, so they can be convinced to an extent by logical proofs and philosophical arguments that a creator exists but how do they know by experience that their god exists?
I've made the argument he is quite possibly the single most impactful person to the game of basketball ever (assuming you ignore like, Naismith, of course).
If Game Of Thrones were to film in your own country, where would they film?
LDLC is now some shit French team
that code was supposed to be on the mayonnaise
Thank you.
Great photo op for the GOP minority outreach program.
And they thought it was crap and gave it back?
They are the three different variants: Chell, P-Body, and Atlas.
and a fedora
Also do you think that Atom will be working with team arrow or as Ollie's rival?
Not really - easily ct sided.
Because if enough people whine, complain, and claim offense at a subject, even reddit will listen and take it down...Because free speech apparently does not exist anymore.
So we should just support communism, give them all our money and let them take care of our defense and welfare?
Well technically being overly pedantic isn't a trait associated with the autism spectrum.
Which is funny because I rarely if ever see the comments calling pugs "abominations" or inbred removed.
when i was in school we still used typewriters
Someone is smoking far too many 'traditional herbs'.
He was only trying to open the door to "take away the keys."
Galactus?
Yeah, that's absolutely why my smurf got VACced and not my main.
Everybody should be allowed to invest their retirement savings in bitcoin, CMV!
Premise 1 defines god in such a way that it could just be a synonym for the universe or existence or reality.
Too many car drivers don't realize that their cars are 2-ton weapons.
You know... that's a good chunk of change just in keys right there...
Thank you.
I founf it hilarious.
Thrall?
But contraception is abortion!
Wait...someone else knows of flagstaff Arizona?
So you have no verses to point out Muhammad claiming to be a prophet.
The Boston Bruins would like to announce with this next pick that we have both fired, and murdered, our GM, Don Sweeney, and also pick....
Not to mention A&amp;M is just so damn easy to hate.
Wonder if it'll have the flap on the back of his head
You forgot cattle futures
Yeah but is his Easton Stealth OK?
That drive to the Tri-Cities is a blast.
This reminds me of the PB&amp;J elementary school would serve, all triangle like with a slice of cheese on one side the sandwich (outside of it) before they saran wrapped it.
Why is this NSFW?
#MichaelJackson
There is always someone faster.
Yes I know freemium games are designed for you to spend tons of money under the guise of "free to play".
Spin tires but with Tonks!
Goddamnit
Re-read your previous comment to see said claims...
Speaking of, did you see the one on here a while back of the dude who jumped on the other guys back?
Your eyes can't see it
Jaime Lannister sends his regards.
ISIS ams dildos
Damn you, have an upvote for the tea you made me waste!
G6 Plus is nicer
It was in Modern Masters 2015 so it must be modern playable
Where's the NSFW tag?
Plus solar damage to destroy those witch shields quickly!
Well what fun are army toys if you never get to use them?
Who the hell is TMZ and why do they write like a 12 year old's blog?
What thieving level do you need to pick-pocket the elf workers?
I was think about Sunset, but I just don't think this deal pertains to me, even if I add in my PS3 and Xbox360 I can't think of any new or even newish games worth buying.
You forgot the
Good thing everyone donated to him for his computer so he can save his money to buy all these name changes
I don't get itchy no, at worst I lose my grip and have to wait for a break or spinner to re-adjust, but it doesn't take very long so I don't need to pause.
Because memories fade the second you sell your old stuff.
But *honey*, pigs are made to be eaten!
I'm taking wes johnson and rob sacre
seems legit
Well, shit.
But don't forget, Libertarians are the most immoral people and hate minorities.
Well OP was mentally handicapped: he was drunk
Depends on prep time
Reminds me of the inside of the back cover of Mad magazine.
Yes.
Can't wait for kids to find this and vandalize it.
The mere fact that technology exists is proof that schools of thought other than scientism are meaningless.
RIP
The Nokia Lumia 1520.
Smokers who smoke indoors.
No, she's a *diagnosed sociopath*
Women aren't human, only humans have hair.
nice flair
Dank meme, i r8 9/11/420
Lawyer
I actually wasn't :( I didn't even notice the head on first glance, then noticed I made an unintentional pun.
What are those caterpillar tracks?
Sorry about your husband
God forbid they focus on pc gaming
Understand that Lirik has OCDS
True alphas never go into shock.
Toy bears will be the theme of this off-season, last year it was male genitalia.
But then where would the reminder that multiple character training certificates exist go?
Did they move they move up to Blackpool from Torquay?
I loved this one game mode that was like a maze that you traveled through as a hero with other heros and you would level up and there were boss fights and everything b
There is no better way to protest injustice than by creating more injustice.
Well, according to Gabe, everyone at Valve is in support.
The Dolphins make everyone cry, unless they're from Ohio.
The director also had to prove that his movie didn't cause any earthquakes
The elephant died for our sins
I believe the blue ones get better mileage
Obviously, but the Spuds are bigger cunts and we have more of a rivalry with Spurs than Chelsea.
Why do I feel like there is way more to the story than this?
And both parties were very mature about the whole experience
As a female, I'm getting sick and tired of these men appropriating our girl culture.
But that first number is bigger, which means that the country as a whole is wealthier!
I always forget the
[Handses, a knife, string, or nothing]
Really though, who wouldn't?
That sounds elegant
I prefer to use excalibur active then regenerate all the adrenaline I have.
haha maybe kickstarter?
Sure
Hell I'd buy another journal for that
It's just what the "market" demands to retain their "talent".
Dual wielding shotguns
so you can stripe while you stripe.
They're open now :)
Bro, nothing beats shlongs of skyrim
I thought Sadie and Lars were already married
Does he still play?
Would bang
make sure your HDMI cable has anti-virus
I wanna do some squats now.
Just making sure, you are saying you believe in the Christian god, correct?
Yea the solution to corruption in politics is to reduce free speech.
I know isn't it just the worst when you have to play this game you've invested hundreds of hours of free time into for fun instead of some arbitrary electronic reward...
he meant 12,626,000 .. minor error., dont get picky
I just want to know the company that made the pizza... I want it so badly.... I believe there's a market.
I'm sure this is very effectively enforced.
Echoing HTML is bad enough.
You are such a rebel.
Nobody can answer this since you're the first person to keep using it that long.
I've been attending university for two years and while I made major breakthroughs in socializing (I made some good friends and my social anxiety is much much weaker), I'm sure nothing will happen.
Yeah, because *evidence* matters so much to the completely insane mombies out there.
You sound like a fun person to be around
Get a job and buy yourself nice things :)
Graying early typically means you'll keep a full head for a majority of your life, so you got that going for you which is nice
I'm glad someone is finally putting Jackie Robinson in his place
but isnt is cool to find your first weapon + ammo after 10 hours of endless walking?
Click was a really good drama of his!
But the developers will starve to death if they reward more gold to the players!
Mental image : Caillou as King of Westeros.
So what Govt will do with these Pics
Doctors hate it!
File this under "You noticed it, didn't you?"
Now THAT'S a tasteful joke!
Ubishit still won't care
Everything that ever existed in the galaxy is a mammal, obviously.
Hey Tenebras, What spec are you playing in Ops these days?
But at least they are being transparent about it
Because environmental impact statements mean so much to people
What's the difference?
Typical fandroid, ugh.
Yes
he's still feeling sick from the jetlag
That's not an option!
Should try hearing them live, they're even better!
His first video's damage to history is irreversible though.
Yeah he's really going to alienate himself by saying he'll be tough on drugs as a member of the republican party, completely against their member and supporters ideals
Well that explains the Gardiner.
Oh yes, criticizing Game Developers on obviously terrible game design choices and massive lack of content is *totally* just being Entitled Babies and *not at all* just demanding more out of a game; where the previous 2 games before it had over twice as much content in them compared to this one.
Is there anything more American than running commercials during a sporting event?
Jokes on you, cheese is orange
But they are perfect!
I'm in the "No one knows jack shit, just going to be patient and see which way this goes - not pretend to know anything and continue to make threads about what it could be" crowd.
Meth and Stoner on the same team!
The stage couldn't handle the rock n roll.
Thanks kaffir.
So... I should vote no?
That's because you are lazy and entitled.
He is very convincing!
Filthy repost from the STEM at Philmont page.
Hey this is our year, we're going to be good
I'll bet he had a drug deal - he was dealing pot to someone, and he's been lying and potentially implicating himself in murder to protect the person that he was dealing to.
.5 PPR
Literally
Yeah man, it's totally a fascist conspiracy.
TIL: consoles being more expensive to game on is now a good thing
Yeah, it's the Americans who are racist
Oh yeah, my guess is it that will be in Hawaii or Dubai although the white house is also a possibility.
Such an outrage over Aragorn and Arwen in the very same series.
Man you're so smart.
That's not patronsing at all.
Wow what a great idea!
It's those PAC 12 defenses, isn't it?
I'm sure Bill will have no problem with it.
SUCH A DESPICABLE FLOPPER
Yeah fuck customization.
What's this faxes you people are talking about?
Ya your right, for making you feel bad they should fucking die!
I wonder if someone put a curse on her and that's what made her post all that crazy shit.
I bet he's so scared of the 20 people in the wolf pack.
Yeah, it's very sexist and bigoted to realize rape isn't taken as seriously as it should by society (which in a sense applies to male rape victims even more), or that men hold a large majority of power in society.
Says the furry
Play mill.
Ah it would be cool to see the ancestree
Whenever I build a deck around one specific card, I *never* draw it...
Neither did you, since you didn't mention getting him some caffeine (coffee or soda) or some food, the poor man was trying to better himself and you just left him there alone silently judging everyone like a hypocrite.
yeah totally unexpected
That bow is only 100 fps quicker than mine with the same weight arrow......
They are not exact same, they are different color so totally different.
Why do they have beef with Obama, isn't he Muslim?
I've got poop, but there's no toilet paper left.
We can rent it for 216 virgins per day though.
This isn't how this works, you're not suppose to change your stance with new information.
Because they believe in small govt
Wow she sounds like a *reeeeally* pleasant person.
Whew, makes sure those dates are correct, that's the whole point of the entire post.
I'm sorry OP a bunch of unrelenting douchy cunts in here
Tony Abbott, of course
No TRUE Spongebob Squarepants fan would EVER say this is a good movie
Excuse me, but I was told that the reason medication costs so much is all the money they have to spend on R&amp;D, therefore this chart must be wrong.
Nah they're just swole from all her tricep work she's been doing.
God, yeah, you should aspire to be like them and spread disease through the office, getting everyone sick, brave souls.
No, the blacks aren't there.
That 1 dislike came from Chuck
Cloud9 is still american!
Yeah, because reporting them has worked out so well =)
What about Donovan!
This is a nice, relevant post in the subredit.
Probably be really similar to a high end PC today
Very helpful, thank you.
oh because 3 seconds is soooooo much more time when someone is rushing at you
Yup, because it's not possible that people who have been together long enough to decide to get married could possibly be in agreement about children, or lack thereof.
Nice eyebrows!
Yeah god it's like they expect being able to fucking dodge stuff to be reasonable counter-play.
Sorry, EMNT*
Tie between Mean Girls and About Time.
Why science when we can just ask old people and watch George Carlin videos?
Thanks, might watch the game to try and catch a glimpse of how it looks
It's funny because it's macabre.
next thing you're going to tell me to NOT always press the second Q on lee sin.
I guess it worked
Birds are very cool, this video is just silly.
A true redditor.
Friendly reminder: there's no such thing as sexism towards men
Stop trying to make electric lighting a thing, it's not going to happen because we already have gas lamps everywhere.
and heres the dude trying to unjerk this circle, sorry buddy aint gonna happen.
Apparently, I should have added a
Yes because only hipsters use the word bro...
The King James version of the Constitution doesn't!
All of Iran belongs to other countries dont you guys know
Some types of equality are more equal than others.
It seems that most of our posters have already figured out that if they just ask "for a friend" then they are completely immune from this problem!
Well prove him wrong, or else you're being intolerant for not just believing him.
Yeah, let's see what more we can do to make him seem like Goldberg...
There are also unemployed people in poverty but they don't matter.
But they look *exactly* the same....
Buried [The guy in the coffin dies at the end cause they unearthed the wrong guy.]
I thought the trailers for the new Godzilla shown before its release were amazing, [because it acted like Bryan Cranston was a main character, and never gave mention to how Godzilla was even going to fight anything other than soldiers]
Real drivers don't follow that closely!
So does it show the English who live in Wales then?
Yeah because teaching about the events that shaped our world is forcing religion down ones throat!
Why is his win rate so bad then?
I'm certain that Target will be donating all the profits they made off of selling GTA V for more than a year to a charity that helps victims of sexual violence.
Yeah, the ability to create distracting sounds, images, even illusory objects to hide inside of, definitely of no help to someone trying to sneak around.
I knew I should have included a
Jamen hvis du ikke er kriminel er det jo ikke noget problem herpderp derp.
Yeah because these false rape allegation stories are so common.
I didn't know Toyota made an STi version of the Camry.
I'll take one Huberdreau, please.
Nah man, all you need to do is max totem first, and mana is no longer an isue!
Green Bay is just way to small of a market, and I don't think there is a loyal enough fan base to justify not moving the team
I'm really loving the whole "scientists are evil" spin media is pushing these days
Alta
pc mustard race
Her idea of a gaming platform is a Wii... 2/10 And, for those without a sense of humor...
Just as everyone predicted!
And now you're assuming they're all straight.
No, fuck you and fuck Harden.
You don't have to, if you have a coke addiction and want to continue to drink a gallon a day just run 10 miles everyday to offset its effects :)
I entirely agree, we should be extremely tough on people who are down on their luck.
Not realistic enough, all the black pieces aren't out in the rain with the white pieces under the board.
No, they need to make more money.
But I saw it in "The Hurt Locker"!
It's just a metronome in songs which you get to mix out later.
Have you seen what the police have at their disposal?
GENDER EQUALITYYYYYYY
The worst part for me is that that's also when most of the telemarketers call me...haha
That plus Internet would be amazing
precise^oh^nevermind
Why can't people just communicate with words?
You sure you don't want to re-think that question?
Yup.
bryant park?
Broken nose.... Out for the rest of the playoffs
Good luck having a proper discussion on this without being downvoted by someone who disagrees with you.
you can't win on our court, that's the point.
He may have gotten banned in the first wave before the exploiting really took off.
Was it true that people were leaving early?
The guy in the tank driving it onto the trailer kind of ruins the punch line
You mean skipperino the kripperino?
Kind of like how a microphone turns lots of normal people into total assholes.
I think both delivery systems have their appeals, some people like to consume all the content in one go, others would rather take some time between episodes to process it properly.
hmph!
what game is this?
welcome to online gaming, you will never find a game that doesn't have these problems online
Ew, he watches porn
Ah yes, the "shotgun" approach
That's what we call a free market!
Milligan seemingly going, Jedinak becomes available....?
Yes, and nut is also a word for insane person, which makes the name nurse Ratchet be both a pun on "a ratchet is a tool that's only good at getting nuts off" as well as a reference to Nurse Ratched
Except I don't, because I am an actual scientist irl.
Probably because they think that's what you want, personally I find that rare... I assume that when they do get out they're hoping you won't kill them If you give it up...
Every time they bend over, they'd fart.
gaem is fine
No climate change to see here, move along.............................
Triggered,!
Tracks in the mud.
Yeha, so many debates have been settled by reading the first line of a dictionary entry.
I like NiP more than VP, but hating vp just for not getting into the finals is not correct, bud.
Then you're an Uncle Tom.
Dear sweet heavenly tap dancing Jesus
And LGD
Take the hint, and fuck off
yup saadly
They told me I'm better than 9gag.
The rock at the "end" of the trail looks like a T-rex on the prowl.
your comment is proof that reddit is really REALLY unfair.
I resemble that remark.
Making it so hard not to buy this..
Unless they actually care about the overall stability of society and the well being of their fellow citizens.
No problem!
Jimmy's had significant problems with turf toe in the past, so it makes sense for him to want to go with the shoes that are the most comfortable for him.
I think your mistaken
Don't you realise, if you play on console *ever* you're can't ever be a part of the euphoric (and totally ironic) 'master' race.
That must be why the FIA has already banned those
Welcome to the Gunshine state.
Keep them biotruths coming.. And yes, I'm very sure that not even having unpaid maternity leave for half the mothers in the country is a great way of ensuring that kids and mothers have a great time.
because religion is a flaw rite?
Why is this funny?
Nerves
What makes you think that way?
where's the option too "Stare at the ground and just escape the situation before the rape claims arrives"?
sleep tight, pizza
Sometimes when two women love each other very much, or are bored and horny...
Oh well, yeah I'm sure the guy down the street earning $25 an hour putting up drywall for a living is really gonna pop on down to Charles Schwab and invest in some mutual funds if only he didn't have to contribute to social security and medicare.
Isn't it more likely that Jesus borrowed a common saying?
Huh, I just figured we people were getting too lazy to write out the full word.
Can someone link to the first story time with Andrew Gower?
Our war chest spent on drinks and cigarettes, shame on you Wenger!
Not as delusional as Liverpool fans.
Already removed.
Appetite for Destruction
The short frenchman?
Need one that also says "You have been passed on the right get the fuck out of the fast lane"
You're dumb as fuck
That's another +1 for torrenting.
And the K ain't silent!
No... A lot of Multipitch you can't see the second until they are a few feet from the belay.
Yes, but only with the amiibo you don't have.
Yes.
Think its really shitty many people asked him about Skrillex when its an AMA about him....
This is going to be a great series.
Looks like I need to get an AMD card!
Oh so you're remaking "Super Columbine Massacre RPG"?
Who is this 4chan?
mhhh.. home of the brave
actual policy.
I don't take anything from IslamQA, I can't trust their scholarship on anything.
HAHA
you are a monster.
Claaaaasic
It's from South Korea where recently the government made laws requiring spyware on teens phones.
They may not be better receiving tight ends but they are better tight ends because they are complete tight ends.
That's freaking disgusting.
Yes, i'm sure the teams will play the game for reddits entertainment and not to win the game cleanly
oops i forgot the
Fake Yeezy doesn't smile
No, because the xbox one is soooo much better than the ps4
How would you know that?
I just realized I can't find my own city of birth without them
Abbas's Fatah party, as nominal partners in a Palestinian unity government with the Islamist militant group Hamas, "can go to the court in The Hague only as a defendant".
I think the real question here is, "where did I put my fedora?"
I'm so pissed I missed out on those
Hopefully they walked out and left the doors unlocked.
Matriarchal or Patriarchal or Misandry or Misogyny
Poor miata :(
Whats a Vancouver?
I agree for non mem pking low level is the most fun but my definition of low level is like lvl 40-50 range 2hs (or b axers as I prefer) and Id be fine with that change, no noted items or runes over a stack of 100, 1000 for elemental
There should be a tl;dr somewhere in the document for them to read.
the PSU is good enough.
Because behaving like a neanderthal and disrupting the process which decides people's fate is absolutely unacceptable.
*tips tinfoil hat* A likely story
Only Russian courts are real.
Yes GGG's Goal is obviously to eliminate every soloplayer from there playerbase.
Yeah man, having that big gun in the way would be a real pain.
Get gud!
If the correct setting is enabled.
I'd give it a 90% probability.
Ugh, I'm offended by this because it paints me in an unfavorable light.
Macbbok
I can totally be your friend for only today.
must be because the refs are like totally giving this game to GSW.
While it may be less common, it's no more perverted than mainstream sex...
Gold with games
Maximum respirations
Fucking lost it at the raging baby
You *clearly* sprained your wrist by making the babies!
No, they're obviously lazy and corrupt.
Thus ended the community that was r/Xboxone
Noooo, mass sterilization of the unfit, so much better, right?
Hulled Tahini
May be?
I thought you wanted to debate the hypocrisy towards islam?
But we proud Americans would never go for that silly colorful money like those Canadians!
Stop with your whitesplaining!
But its all just because they're REALLY concerned with ethics.
NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE
Conclave entirely seems reduced.
Bada Bing!
Likely because it was released in 2011.
Yes, because those mounts and pets REALLY give people huge advantages.
Nou nou , die mensen zijn net van hun scooter afgetrapt, ook nog arresteren lijkt me iets teveel van het goede
Oh cool what sport do you practice?
Completely agree with this
If Tide really wants to show if their product can clean or not, they should clean the original labcoat.. Getting fresh stains out isn't that much of a challenge.
Ye, being one-tapped by globals will help you improve when you're like gold nova
Yeah those Olympic lifters really aren't that impressive.
yeah, people who recognize things they've seen somewhat recently are STRANGE, right?
She's not ugly, she's "curvy"
DX12
so now they are going to meet with the hooligans from the other team at a time and location we don't know in advance... yes much better.
We are trying to create art Says the casting director for a reality show.
I'll bet you 5$ that he did it on purpose, just to annoy you.
But wed be losing haywood
get a haircut you fucking hippie
We need a solution, hopefully a final solution.
Say, if you're think about doing more of these, would you be willing to take requests?
I am *literally* going to throw up
Not licking it is just a waste of yogurt
Waste of money, he isnt world class, sell him
Why would you be brewing your tea in the cup to begin with?
And the alienware mask is based on the alienware logo.
He looks like Donald Trump lol
He's used to playing with one hand and/or multiple controllers, what do you expect?
There are six and THE FIRST THREE ARE BETTER
This is the question I asked myself right away, surprised nobody else is asking this, maybe we are the only sane ones here.
Fodder
They were fair and unbiased.
At least then the poors will be WORKING for their food.
HANZ BRIX OHHH NOO
U forgot to
Whoa, harsh words.
Nooo but you have to stay blindly positive since your feelings translate directly to performances on the pitch, and it's because off all these negative nancies the universe does not let us win
Need approval of Matson first.
Watch the descent it's a fantastic film, relevant to this
I thought of Andy from Parks and Recreation, and when he fell into the pit (I know he didn't break his neck, but it's what i thought of)
if you want the candy you've got to be ready for the clown car :P
Sell your house instead, your PC is more important.
Nice strategy, get their jersey just in time for them to go somewhere else.
The part about not working on the sabbath doesn't count anymore though.
Well, who wants to carry bags of gold for miles when you can throw them on your longship and row back home?
This is why the paralympics are unfair.
Ooooh, that's it, my longdog is clearly half Azawakh because he's fawn and has a super-long neck!
Sheesh, get your priorities straight
Google The Copycat Building and see if you can flyer or craigslist your way in.
Everyone knows white and corner dont mix
Clowney.^^
No, I went to Stark State.
No, but holding them to a similar standard wouldn't hurt.
I used to watch hockey all the time but after I went a year without it because of the lockout in '04 I just never got back into it.
I'm sorry, I could not hear you over how great the Sheamus/Balor feud is gonna be.
Remove Cloak and Stim
Yknow, except for contributing more to the military per capita than almost any other state, receiving half the average VA benefits, the lack of a draft for several decades, and the military being only a few percent of our population, you're totally right.
legitamently?
This, 1000 times this.
As someone who is lactose intolerant, I strongly support this decision.
I don't see Ronaldo celebrating.
Yes, they are good European Colonialists who moved in and took over the land.
They weren't as bad as WDs in vanilla but *terrible* compared to barbs, the other melee class.
BETTER IDEA Put them in Silver 1 :D
Mandatory briefings about pen care and safety.
Not a golden ticket not worth the post...
Thanks for helping me realize how this method works!
borrowed is such a polite way of saying we invaded your country for some good reasons and took the blueprints of V2 rockets
Wow that really sucks man I hope you learned your lesson.
Mortal Kombat II on SNES was $79.99, and I ate that shit up!
Gotta get that idle lope bro!
HM2 is fixed.
Darn, I was really hoping to see my enemies dissolve from the inside out while they withered and screamed in pain
I'll have you now my KD is 3.93 so that is unimpressive to say the least.
The artist?
But what about MY religious right to discrimination?
60s master race scrub :D
Well it's no like they can let those stranger people who aren't hurting anyone in any way just be *happy*!
Oh you don't know, the engineers at VW know more than you and why would you think of changing what they made?
This photo's gotta be fake, there's no way Perry Jones can be on the floor
Large brownie blizzard weighs in at 1160 calories, 48 grams of fat, 163 grams of carbs, 121 grams of sugar, but yeah, the 25 grams of protein most definitely evens all that out.
Stop oppressing women, you chauvinistic pig!
You can bet that if most of the guys in the video engaged in kissing with the girl, then they would all have been accused of rape because clearly the girl was mentally ill, and thus could not consent.
I doubt I would find a lawyer that would take the case.
The guy who posted is a mod, so it's cool.
No, quite a few people believe cars were safer because of superficial reasons such as "less dents" or a "studier frame" or a hood that doesn't deform when you press on it.
Go Latvia !
Yes, sellers need certificates of authenticity for shoes now to please the eBay gods.
Don't argue to me whether he is legit or not, tell him to submit a steam support ticket, email every cs go developer, email Gabe Newell, contact the local authority and press, argue with those people, cause that's going to get him unbanned, right?
My name is Rod and I... like to party
yeah I totally thought women weren't going to be good at another thing.
Oh wow congrats.
#NotAllMormons
*she, you woman molester.
Most loaves of bread are 1 pound loaves.
REPORT HIM FOR BEING AN UNETHICAL GANKER
Shouldn't we consult our soon to be official state book in regards to this?
Hey did ya know that Tom Brady was drafted in the sixth round?
Yeah, the human eye cannot see more than 24 FPS anyways.
Sunday: PLAN THE PARADE Thursday: BLOW IT UP I want off this wild ride
Because girls don't want to meet someone...
I don't know man, my comp runs at 24fps steadily, cuz the human eye can't see past that
I'm really really happy about the mods of MVG_League trolling and banning subs and telling them "Thanks for the 5 bucks" simply for contesting sub only mod....
Yeah,beheading lashing and other violations of rights to silence opposing views is peaceful
Did you hear about this site called swagbucks?
Watcher druid is totally legit though.
That's because we asked for this game mode to remain permanent so many times, Riot could not ignore it.
well then FUCK YOUUUUUUUUUUU
It really is amazing, I'm seriously considering coughing up the extra 200$ for the stainless steel.
Well at least I can give you gold!
If magic cards give people cancer ill eat a jace
Yeah dude I bet she's a total bitch like that all the time
I think you forgot this -
I'm so glad that the figure heads of the community are coming together to include the ENTIRE smash community in this event.
Yes, Apple's design is perfect - physics is just wrong.
Thank you Cecily Strong for having the courage to call out the president on this issue
If true, this really shows the character of the Obama White House.
Did it work?
You have really deep thoughts.
Moar like a toaster amirite.
Here, let me Google that for you.
I dunno, Randy Moss said he and his friend would smoke joints before their high school games
so lower the sewer main
full retard
It's not like they released on the potatoes first
America would never do that
At least its a lot safer here then in europe
They will probably release it right before media day.
ah, yes, finally, now i can feel slightly less self concious when a 03/11b makes fun of me.
Yeah, I guess the fact that dozens of other world leader were there means we're just that much smarter about avoiding terror attacks.
I guess this explains why Israel has never been able to sign any peace deals with Arab or Muslim states.
The car has Putin on the hood.
You *do* have the urge to cheat with him, you're just a stupid feeeeemale who's too dumb to realize her own feelings
Oh no, that would be so horrible!
Genetics bro
people are soo superficial...
Well, ya know, it's not like he had a HOF RB back there or something
Kappa =
Was this what the 1GB update was for?
But don't girls play netball and the boys play footy?
nice flappy
That poor, misunderstood nice guy.
bro everyone knows astrology is a bunch of baloney
I get all my illegal software from cnet and softonic.
So thats how multiboxers work!
I was born in 84' and yeah.
She's just doing what those glorious Fat Athletes^TM call "healthy movement", Shitlord.
It's not activism when you agree with the decision.
We krijgen allemaal al chips bij onze vaccinaties gelukkig.
Just throw a Goliath at it, they can tank anything right?
His stone wall is falling apart.
Their products will develop feet eventually, so they should have probably chosen a more lasting name!
Geez, if only they'd had an abortion....
You mean like how Europe gets its money from America?
He's psychic, duh.
But you can't do math without Jesus!
What, I'm not conservative you statist, I'm a libertarian, which is totally different!
Because the King James Version makes you a better Christian, and being a better Christian is the only standard by which we can judge your humanity.
Awesome idea
That depends, do you have every variant of munchkin?
Using turn signals.
Hunger Games yayaya..
Because a huge multinational company making shit tons of products not just PS4's would have less than a thousand employees anyway
Umm excuse me but no, it is white and gold.
Greninja and Lucario is female
I definitely liked it better than my Ipod Touch that I have now
But but but...she stole Jennifer Aniston from Brad Pitt (Brad Pitt couldn't have had a choice in the matter) so she's a bitch!
Filthy casual.
Because soloq = how good you are competitively
But there is a link between video games and misogyny.
but mods ruin games
I thought they might give it to Corey Kluber
I feel offended that you would find something on the Internet offensive.
How them "bears" treating you?
It's mold bro
I bet he got that gun illegally
You won't be so smug when I fly past you down the future solar powered roads on my hoverboard.
Woah that never happens!
brb making a macro...
You cant judge Arabs by the same standards you judge Israel by.
Damn, and that was a good chance to get rid of the screen looker too.
no no no... they produce whole Buddha statues and then cut off their heads to satisfy their white imperialists urges of supiority.
Well you don't want people to steal your troops of course!
oh dear, I'll pray for you.
you forgot the
MLG mode: All animatronics are set to difficulty 420 Reward is a Mountain Dew bottle on your desk.
The mental gymnastics is strong with this one.
Agreed, the should've just not put any new gear/weapons/levels in the DLC.
Don't forget, women are carnival prizes.
BECAUSE TEH ANTICHRIST ^
Yeah me Brother, nut I could rond japanese chapters, which I thought was weird
That's an other ''T', word, we don't use ''T'' words here
According to white folk he is the weapon #handsupdontshoot
A godly post.
Hey, they buffed the Starving Buzzard to a 3/2!
Aveh, true to Caesar.
7.8/10 "body has too much water"~IGN
YOU TAKE THAT BACK,WE TOTALLY NEVER HAD THAT 2ND SEASON WITH INCEST AND RAPE IN IT AT ALL
Yes because Oliver Luck has such a burning hatred for Marshall
Or Kenyan.
He isn't a member of the glorious PC MASTERRACE
I have the bigger engine but it is the 500 ford which is the one you can not kill.
Yeah LeBron is totally the underdog
40 each
The toxicity will beat Lyte in a rap battle
I sent him a message in game.
You never did tell me what those neoliberal ideas, policies and political agenda are/is.
The same ones, over and over
Yes, if the cops break the rules, you can get off if certain evidence was obtained through the cops breaking of the rules.
Technically so is AW
It has been 5 years and I have never got it
Or more importantly can he win a finals without Mario chalmers
This will probably get nixed because of Rule 1, but I would recommend posting on the Hearthstone sub, they would probably appreciate it
Economist... hmm it's hard to say because almost nobody gets an economics job with an economics degree, including me.
All they care about is fookin' and fightin', an fightin' and fooking.
I'd say they are probably the top 2 new NHL ready D prospects in the league, but I think Ekblad is performing better considering the team he is on compared to the D of Nashville
She's an Amway diamond dealer/member.
... then why do apparently so many people do this?
Dull just sounds very british, doesn't it?
martial*
Why buy an external RAID controller when the onboard does a good job?
I think after Aliens 3
Incontrovertible proof that men are worse off than women in today's society.
Neat, will do next time I'm on Amazon.
I'm going to assume this was sarcasm.
lmao2king
Locking someone in cage for storing explosives in an apartment building makes you the criminal.
I shot this meme in 6k
If anything he's the complete opposite.
I cant believe Team: goalie with a bridge contract, got scored on 7 times in the second period!	What you don't like watching a 16 to 23 point hockey game? 0	All your accents sounds the same	Does he slappa-da-bass, too? 0	What else am I supposed to spend my money on?	this seems like a very inefficient way just to make one pandcake 0	They said he shouldn't have had the 4th ability (0 cost brainstorm).	JtMS wasn't a mistake. 0	Yes, they can create/destroy.	For round 2, how would we define the matter manipulation? It seems to me that if you have energy manipulation, your opponent wouldn't be able actually move any matter. Or do anything themselves, for that matter. Question, does manipulation include the ability to create/destroy matter or energy, respectively? 0	Spider Tank, Spider Tank...	Ultimate stealth 0	I suppose, I guess it's just easily misinterpreted.	That didn't change her story, it fit into what she said otherwise. You are assuming she will say she played with her ass. If she does, then he can give her the benefit of the doubt. However confronting her about it right away tips her off and gives her more time to come with a coherent excuse. Whereas this way he has a higher chance of catching her in a contradiction. 0	Now you know how critics feel	It's like ... OP is such a ridiculous fucking loser, yet here I am commenting on this shit. What does that make me? It makes me lower than dirt. I hate myself. 0	I'm on Skyla (an IUD) and I haven't had anything worse than spotting since about 2 months after I got it.	Fuck. It's my periods I really wanna get rid of. 1	Well maybe if we had that 1 extra missile 9/11 wouldn't have happened.	But dude, the 1-10% of people on welfare that are scamming are costing this country HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS of dollars. That's enough for 1 sidewinder missile, or a tread on a tank. 0	No way I'd risk it	They get vacuum sealed for maybe ten or fifteen seconds. Then the bag is cut open and a fan blows air in so they can breath again. 0	I, for one, accept this new Bizzaro NFL.	We do too - I'm pretty damn sure it's officially Bizzaro NFL if the Cards and Lions are playing for first place in the NFC come week 11. I don't think many people circled that game as must see when the schedules came out. 0	YES!	Swanigan to MSU 1	Oh how exciting, I bet this game will be just as original and creative as the others.	Fifa 16 new feature reveal tomorrow! 1	Top notch sail right there!	PlayStation Store Update - April 21st 0	Can I get a 5 finger discount?	I hope this doesn't end with the customer getting screwed. 0	It's free with Playstation Plus right now though.	Nah. They're banking on this game to kickstart the franchise again from a financial standpoint. 0	Wow, that might've been one of the most circle-jerky answers I've seen the past few days haha	I agree with you on the first two rounds. Superman would have to train in order to make use of Goku's body while Goku could much more easily acclimate to Kryptonian powers. However, Round 3 is all Superman. If Dragon Ball and DBZ have taught me anything it's that when something crazy happens, the characters make faces and stare for at least 5 minutes. Each time they change, Goku is going to have sweat bead on his head and stare, mouth agape, for the duration of the 14 second switch. Superman would respond to his powers being back quickly. 0	I think we all made that mistake :(	I said OG would win Champs pretty convincingly. :/ 0	Do like I did one year - give them out to teenage cousins as Christmas gifts.	Breh, I got so many duffel bags that I have a duffel bag that contains nothing but duffel bags. INB4 Xzibit. 0	Disappointed it wasn't at Fed Square instead :(	Asian Cup live sites (Melbourne, Newcastle, Sydney, Brisbane) For anyone without fox, anyone from overseas, or just anyone who wants to enjoy a live site, here are the locations and dates open: * Melbourne - Jan 9-22 City Square, 67 Swanston Street, Melbourne * Newcastle - Jan 9-30 Honeysuckle, 28 Honeysuckle Drive, Newcastle * Sydney - Jan 10-24 Customs House, 31 Alfred Street, Circular Quay, Sydney * Sydney - Jan 27-31 Centenary Square, 30 Darcy St, Parramatta * Brisbane - Jan 10-22 Cultural Forecourt, South Bank, Melbourne St, South Brisbane 0	what's the spill, vagisil?"
Thankfully playing paladin requires some thought, compared to the cancer hunter logic of "if mana cost &lt;= mana available, play card".
Yeah, that's an issue totally exclusive to women
mount me.
Southern half of the ACC might leave and form a new conference with the eastern part of the SEC
Yeah that's not even kosher
I like this answer
Now, this is a story all about how...
This happens to me on the daily.
You mean upgraded
Yeah because Razer is a complete nobody
The designated home team (AFC in even Super Bowls, NFC in odds) has their rule followed.
We've gone meta
Man, you should have seen the FUD about the internet when it was still new to most.
Nah bro, you're just using it wrong!
Mal'ganis!
Not sure if serious or pun
THE RIDE NEVER ENDS
No, talent fell into his lap
Grimaldo, very solid LB
this thread is full of trolls, all the legit answers are being downvoted in favor for the fake answer lol
The Benifits of that is nothing compared to the Benifits to them of unlimited cheap labour and the ability to lobby a single government instead of 28 individual ones.
But there black....
This position is known in philosophy as "mereological nihilism" and it is incredibly lazy, specially coming from AnCaps.
Its typically that scratchy transparent sand paper in men's rooms to.
I didn't hold a grudge against Sundin for what he did, don't be so hard on Kessler.
Well duh, I want trying to saw they were the same
The holy fuck
Gods I forgot how bad Boy George looked in the mid 2000s :-(
No it shouldn't.
Female:Men ratio is 7:4, but I still can't catch a break as the females still all go after douches and can't see that I'm a nice guy and would treat them so much better.
Never heard of 'em, cool.
aaaaand its gone
Obviously the only reason you enjoy the game is because you're an edgy 12 year old
I can confirm the ebook seems to have avoided this problem.
Proceed to get radiation poisoning.
Then I guess they shouldn't answer questions... it's not like education would be a reasonable way to combat religion.
Cardinals fans are so awesome the brewers wanna join them!
Yeah, so?
What a shame that would be
Thanks unidan
The shady deal in a smoke filled suite has come to fruition
CDIAT IS RECRUITING.
We were talking about North America.
its annoying because I only had time to play a game or two and my friends wanted to play competitive
I wouldn't lend it to a boob man either.
He's off filming the sequal to *Guardians of the Galaxy*, last I heard.
That's not a dream, it's a nightmare
Gotta spend money to make money!
+1 If you want to get something out of that CPU (OC it) you need an Z motherboard like Z97 So 1150. and it has to support 4th generation Intel CPUs
A paludarium is definitely on my list of to-do's!
nice, this is a sign the negotiaions are nearly complete
A week is ok.
Oh, i see what you did there...
WE HAVE A WINNER!
PM'd
Yes he is this year was his last season with Nascar which is a shame because I loved watching him race.
Yeah, enforcing traffic laws is just for revenue.
We've never stopped it
Make h1z1 brighter!
As long as your girlfriend and her sister are both into incest you might just achieve it!
To be fair, that joke really isn't very funny.
That's really awesome!
Seems legit
Then how did he manage to come to power in the first place?
One of the hardest ones.
You sound like one of those book-reading faggots.
Hey if you are gonna be in Sp4zie too, you are gonna have to share.
I look forward to hearing that maybe possibly the Patriots probably broke some rule no one has ever heard of or cared about before 3 months and 5 million dollars from now.
One day wont make you or break you.
Oh yes, flooding the entire site with hate posts will totally show reddit that censorship is bad!
Yes, I am Brazilian.
because violent racism would be over if people just beat their kids more!
What a lovely little message to wake up to!
It seems there are a number of people who shit themselves whenever they eat something spicier than Heinz ketchup.
B-but the news says pitbulls are child killers
You forgot the period... loser.
not even one of those things?
I heard they wrap 'em around batteries!
You people will not corrupt anymore innocent minds!
Why?
Seriously... fuck
I should have bolded and underlined allergy medicine I guess, maybe thrown in a
Easy, Just put some non-refundable item like in-game currency so customer can't refund!
Snape and Lilly up until Hogwarts.
Please tell me you forgot the
Not sure why the FDA is allowed to ban obese transsexuals
lately my BT audio suddenly drops volume, is that what you are refering to?
Cool, we'll even send you our hotshot 3rd stringer Landry Jones as a token of our appreciation.
I'm new here, whats going on?
Wlsh
CK defmork
Don't cut it off...that's some poor animals home you would be destroying
It has nothing to do with their age.
Picturing a field full of confused cows with extension cords wrapped around their heads.
Oh man... She might have cried harder... Lol
I think she's just an alien.
So you're calling me a badger?
They realized the pH levels were off point and tried to help you
Josh "Steel" Nissan is an infamous ex-iBP player involved in a throwing scandal in 2014.
They really wanted to get across how big he is didn't they?
I was extremely confused by this post for several minutes until I realized you weren't talking about modesty in the form of avoiding revealing clothing.
Look up tophattwaffle
They could bring out the court and just paint it to look like a blacktop
Everyone else hates it but IMO Terrace is great.
Yeah why would he want his team to advance and possibly win a Champions League medal for him.
She promised a lot more videos by now, and the ones she has posted are shoddy as fuck
Comment on this thread for tix or if we commented on the first one?
And then there is iOS, the Elite police!
Imitation chicken-style soy protein strips just doesn't roll off the tongue.
Does it break inTube?
I would throw in J-Lau and Chris Lytle as well.
Or you could rotate all the outside elements 180 degrees and tidy up the cables.
AOT is bad because titans are titans Steins;gate is bad because it doesn't contain steins or gates
Meat head.
Rite aid simplify cola best cola
.#justmasterracethings
You forgot racism against whites and stupid people saying stupid things about whites because you know, no white people say things like "Black people invented Apartheid."
it's not transphobic, it's against otherkin
ur a faget
Pffffffttt bullshit... It's a piece of steel, not like it was engineered for the car and the shock...
It's like the clock from Hannibal.
Actually, right now, if Israel offered Israeli citizenship to any Arab in WB and Gaza, and those Arabs were truly free to choose, I am 100% sure that most of them will gladly take the Israeli citizenship and move to Israel.
You're welcome!
They are a natural at what they do
Yes because drugs are really what those kids need right now.
Er ... you mean all of them aren't?
good for you
It already has a reasonable tax rate -- 401K withdraws are taxed at your marginal rate, and IRA's are either pre-tax contributions that are taxed on withdrawal, or post-tax contributions where the investment dollars were taxed when put into the account, but gains are not taxed on withdrawal (ROTH).
literally Gadaffi
Thanks!
THE PLOT THICKENS
NiP has a tendency of beating teams on their best map.
100 base speed isn't THAT bad.
Tracer forever (until the Cowboy guy is revealed for me)
White or brown?
Better luck next time, you might get something awesome like my 2 best squad wagers, and 1 10kill wager I got from the event.
School starts next week, and I am really not looking forward to going back.
By this logic, God wasn't a **real** parent of Jesus
He never lived to see the anime genre named for him.
I ACTUALLY EARNED MY THUNDERLORD.
Meaning that if at some hypothetical point in the future, the blockchain that most people look at to determine whether or not someone has paid them has blocks in it that require permission to create, then bitcoin will have failed at achieving its original goals, and will likely get out-competed by cheaper systems to the point where usage will go down year after year until having bitcoins doesn't have any value because so few people want them.
BRB, respeccing.
If you were so compatible why did she leave?
Chester &amp; Charlie?
Love you too.
league is really GPU intensive
Goddamn Mormons messing everything up
Because you gotta be there to catch that world star video
Those smiley's are way too hardcore.
That's some classy lady
Yeah this is where I'm gonna get mine in a few days.
Inb4 Cena wins clean over rusev for the US title then beats lesnar clean after "learning what it takes to win again" and then unifies the US title with the wwe world heavy weight championship.
why should Alexei get the gym all to himself?
Yeah, because setting people on fire isn't primitive at all
I thought Oz was full of convict descendants...
Stock ROM with francokernel r14.
Because sheep were totally incapable of surviving on their own before humans and dogs came along, i'm sure the dog is the reason they survived for months.
I hope it tells me why its check engine light turns on and off randomly.
Are you sure you won't gain weight from not eating?
Woah, too soon...
But I thought institutions weren't people
Human eye can only see 24mhz per second.
But if you're fat it's *always* everyone else's fault but yours.
What are you talking about, I love winning the WDC in my STR....
dem white armpits
It's nice to know we still export something.
Srs hard hitting video game journalism where would we be without it
Singapore 2008
Thanks
Hating on them is so sexist OMG we need moar women artists and you're so not helping.
We've solved the mystery of who "Im Uzi" is boys!
CM Punk's house was paid for by his fans
Na...I'm good.
I have never struggled with weed... I have loved every minute of it.
Those are obviously chemtrails, not jet exhaust.
thumbs down ChainSAW, low skill
Gear-X Is running some decent sales right now
This comment thread has me floored
You mean my fedora and styled beard that graces my neck will not suffice?
Fantastic article demonstrating beautifully objective journalism that helps readers understand both sides of the story, presenting a compelling level of detail, supported by facts, witness interviews, and even context.
It wouldn't be the first time that players with African heritage make themselves younger...
Cory "Spear the Nuts" Perry... but our guys are the dirty players, you know...
Dude you're not allowed to like present Eminem here, gtfo you Stanfag
It was heartening to see all of those moderate Imams there in support.
You know what they say, lift with your neck!
Stop mansplaining, jeeze!
Even the fate of the word "hopefully?"
Kirito
You mean, other than the sins of criticizing rapists and *not* hating brown people..?
Yay, lovely Newark
it's the only thing these dumb women respond to!
IT shoulda got it but 6 Man is such a catchy song tho
Well thank god caffeine doesn't interact with some heart conditions/medications.
bhai fan detected
UGH scott's jumpscare is the scariest in the game gets me every time
Yea, i get annoying with people telling me murdering and raping is bad so ill go and do it to spite them!
Grass fed is that shit though not
People are getting hurt in Ukraine...
Yes, your single anecdote disproves all the objective data showing that pitbulls are, in fact, a dangerous breed that is responsible for the majority of dog attack injuries and that can inflict significant damage when they do attack.
How does it have DDR4 and DDR3L?
you don't know that you can be fat and healthy bigot
Because absolutely every person who owns a Xbox/Playstation has the time to devote to Destiny to learn absolutely every subclass.
OH MY LOTUS I NEVER NOTICED THAT!
Don't worry, if we take Mariota I'll probably just delete my account.
Ohh look, this feeder again
We should buff SMGs and rails more to counter this, plus give SMGs 300% more accuracy to help reduce the impact of flak shots
Civil forfeiture is cool though
any progress into this investigation or are you going to keep ignoring your customers?
everyone's jumping on the bandwagon
LOL DEHUMANIZATION OF POORS LMFAO ROFL
What, halfway through the gif about good female characters?
Because only women have gender, *obviously*.
Because Comets are tuff
Typo or freudian slip?
No I'm sure they don't care and aren't going to try to fix anything unless you make a thread asking them to.
You are a fine human being.
Only because you are physically stealing the movie from them, not making a copy of it.
I hear an account and all invited being deleted as we speak.
Ahhh the joy feminism brings to society.
It's okay, they definitely ended her sorry arch right and made it worth bringing her back.
2 nights of Flying Lotus confirmed.
[Filled with righteous rage] What's this Santa-bashing I hear going on here?
But he's not homophobic or anything, he has a friend who is a gay!
Ahem they have a name *Achuut Shudra (Untouchable Low castes)*
Nice jigsaw puzzle nose there
Whatever I'll totally start my own socjus group for white people only!
we can see his pupils (kind of), SOMEONE ENHANCE, ENHANCE THE IMAGE
Those are smarties dumbass.
I don't know if you know this... he wasn't actually looking for a job... he was distracting you... good thing nothing gets by you!
I don't, because I am a Real Man.TM
If the people want roads, they will build them themselves!
Twitter maybe... #HeyGuysWeGotaNewOne.
Then you won't have to worry about the lock disengaging now do you?
It's so badly played you don't need sources.
I'll put up some food-only trades for you!
What would happen if some country, any country, started using btc exclusively?
Do you really expect him to pass up on all that money that Tim Irvin got?
Yea, might as well make champion scrolls tradeable too right?
Yes, that's *exactly* what he's saying.
And yet, look who brings up Jesus.
FTFY: Muslim Centrist
stop posting fake pictures, there is a number 3 on the watch.
Big donors to the Greens: Banks and Unions.
Kinda makes you miss the Taliban, huh?
Great job lumping around 100,000 people together!
Hmm, no wonder I've seen so many tradesmen using minivans over pickup trucks to move their equipment and supplies around.
The lesson to be learned here is never give to charity.
Yeah, but you see, she's old enough to get knocked up, but she isn't old enough to let go of her parents' hand.
I know, because racism on reddit is so difficult to imagine.
not serious team, just some old guys playing
Send more humanitarian convoys.
HOLISTIC MEDICINE ALL THE WAY!..
I cried a little the first time
Fuck you downvote
Recording lectures is illegal?
People are saying she's a gypsy, she could just steal the DNA...
Pufff my lawyer is in the 1% percent, my family is more like .01%
Let's just remove all the penetration from the game!
Guys what if... they're just really dumb?
Well, he's obviously a false flag plant because all of KiA hates transexuals and thinks they're fake women
The rest are actually anti-image
Typical LoL player
Submit to your fate because you don't want to win by being a gold noob.
The *perfect cover...*
But wait I thought republicans were for small government?
I didn't lose a leg in 'Nam to come home and see you little shits with your hands in your pockets!
But what's a gear?
Compliance will be rewarded.
+1 If only we could have found him a nice cushy job with that fancy degree of his, he would've stayed home.
Yes forcing a great depression on a country is definitely an economically reasonable thing to do.
The only thing S5 will be remembered for
Perfect Caucasian Master Race
I think it means they've logged out of the server.
12 Monkeys?
Don't worry, it will totally be the cats fault when it scratched the shit out of that kid.
Too bad he's also a dirty neo-Nazi
Shocked no one made a gif of this or a long frame by frame transcription.
So you must be a huge Melee player.
I bet they're republicans too, that's why they're so stupid.
Yes, that's obviously what I meant.
But rape culture isn't a real thing people!
Checkmate Atheists!
Derek Anderson made him look good!
The marquee tool can move from transient to transient with a key command.
I look forward to doing your mom.
But it's not addictive.
Drop a nade when die
If that's all you get from Monogatari, you're a shameful fan that cannot join the master race of ~~pretentious~~ elite connoisseurs who understand Nisio's wordplay and Shinbo's directing/visual presentation!
So you've met some guys with good headsets and great gamesense?
Nope, sorry ,their time is more valuable than your life.
Well he's the marriage expert after all...
Yeah, he ruins every series
I agree, all people who kill animals should be raped!
I'm sure all the questions outside of this subreddit would be super respectful
No bro, they *owe him compensation* for not getting him that free demo when they said they would!
Awesome rehosting job.
Hamas even build special emergency sewage tunnels across the entirety of Gaza so that the poor civilians don't have to deal with floods!
yeah he sucked it's all a conspiracy
you forgot the
Republicans need more fat, stupid people to vote for them.
You cheapo!
I found a command that lets you win automatically, i'll be sure to slide it along to you guys
No no no, Disney hates women and wants them in their place.
Thanks for your arbitrary punishments Goddell, good to see there's set guidelines for these kinds of punishments and it's not just up to your shitty discretion
Only a filthy commie would ask such a question.
Your first lost kill?
They should have a personal assistant for 30 days angle
I would of got away with my mining haven if it weren't for those redditing kids (shakes fist)
The city of worlds desire can support any army!
Yes, everyone in the entire game now looks as ridiculous as this.
Cool, this is new and exciting.
I saw Kill Bill so I know that his swords suck and Hattori Hanzo makes the best swords.
Phoenix?
Good joke brah
Chasing after her to shoot her with the harpoon and brag to their girlfriend about the whale they killed today.
sorry for posting something kinda cool with an overlap to another sport lolololol
follow along its path and you'll be safe
Because compared to the US, all your countries are boring as shit.
This thread is constructive.
Best shooting form of all time.
where we're going, we don't need upvotes
Plot twist: you're alone.
Well..usually my normal ping is 150 :I
I was just asking a question, and it's not like people on the Internet would not know boruto had some sort of relation to naruto
... but what if it's *not* funny
astute
No, they did it because it is Nico's hometown and he should get this win.
And I'm telling you that isn't very good evidence, and that mostly what it shows is that the same good teams win over and over again.
That's circular logic.
Drivers should pay for that, not people quitting smoking.
Take the Raiders pls.
I was saying that 2 or 3 decades to start having some states legalize/decriminalize them not full legalization but yeah maybe even that is a little too optimistic.
Just because you are used to them leaving bloodstains on everything doesn't mean this isn't WTF.
Correct.
No it's on the main UC Davis campus over in Davis.
It can still be windows, you know.
company men and women *thumbs up*
OP is kill
Im ok with that
Croc Files was one of my favorite shows when I was little :( I even saw that movie that they made starring him!
Nah, they can't make money on DUI tickets if they let you do that.
Yeah, it was a trivial problem.
cyclist deserved a fucking beating- what an asshole.
Better get to it then!
I'm sure this is also a CIA plot somehow.
Oh god it was like the day mekelek got vac banned not that long after maikelele got into NIP, I didn't know who mekelek was at the time so I thought maikelele got vac banned for a second..
Don't worry pal, it'll be your year next year &lt;3
compared to what
Don't understand
Collapse
Not at all
A new shoe?
Everything that isn't oversaturated is 'washed out' for PCMR.
It's not just his appearance that's killing any chance he has.
Let the UN bring them pallets of water.
If he runs in yelling "I'm Batman" he won't be unannounced
They'll love socialism until they're forced to pay for it.
Or rape
It would all be easier if they untied their ankles.
Compared to other countries, yes totally.
Yeah I think the composition is striking but definitely just over edited.
So you think it is usable :)?
I was told those are called "left hand mutes" as opposed to "palm mutes": you loosely lay the fingers over the strings touching but not cleanly pressing, and strum to get a "click" or "whack" sound.
I don't see gold
Holy shit thats cool.
Decentralized leadership has its merits.
A song by the Pixies.
I'm sure the owners are quite happy and encouraged the reopening to be broadcast throughout the media.
And it'll get ignored by everyone who has the ability to make that change.
Offical stamp of, "See you at the front page!"
He is an alternate
Hey at-least now casting couch will be easy in bollywood
Not trying to be racist, but I think he should give it back.
You know what they say - the more your skin is stretched, the thinner it gets.
rerorerorerorero
I'm sorry.
Who?
I thought that being a god meant everything was safe.
What is Baguette may never die.
Got 13th in Bahrain, impressive enough for me
Says the idiot who's apparently unaware that Israel supplies Gaza with fresh water already.
But I don't want to boycott by buying Apple devices.
Not true
You'd think so after playing MMO's for 11 years.
Couch.
B1 is the best ever tier 4 heavy tank with a tier 2 gun.
Typical iggles fan who shit on every team including their own.
Arclight Vel'Koz
Because he's Kafir.
Gentry came with "charts and graphs" ... muahahahahahaha
We don't associate with no deck-swabbing seamen!
Which is exactly why I don't think he will pick it up.
She literally talks about her sugars.
I loved level 2
And that's why expert is in quotes.
Yeah, ignorance is a recent development, totally new, and not at all an integrated part of human existence.
But nades not here to use the HBR so we good
Anyone know the techno song that was playing during Marge racing all the kids to the different places?
I saw it too.
I can't see how that can go wrong and get ugly.
If food makes your life more happy, you have a very sad life.
*sigh*
so Toby the cat has indoor humans, is what's really happening here (:
im not saying the fuel was proven, you said the craft was unproven but the actual craft had been proven just not the fuel mix.
Ousted will be my guy next week.
Wealthiest state as long as you live in the burbs.
No, we like real schools here
I either think of him like Billy Crystal as Calcifer, or Rob Paulson as the voice of Morte in Planescape: Torment.
I'm so glad the NSA vacuums up our info to prevent this kind of massive fuck up.
I did indeed, thank you for that.
Not only that, but I can't even count the number of times I've been called a hypochondriac for wanting to get medical help for a problem.
HOW DID YOU GET THIS PICTURE OF ME!
Sometimes people don't like me because they don't think I'm as funny as I do.
Sure, if they want to lose their job for unprofessionalism.
Don't be ridiculous, women are too emotional ;)
Well, aside from all those cults of Nightmare Moon.
Local Toronto beer wooooooo!
Wonder how MSL had his career year in 2004 then.
That's great information and all but could you please get off Reddit and solve Colony collapse disorder already?
What shocks me about this movie is the complete polarization of people thinking it's brilliant, and people who think it's one of the worst pieces of garbage that they've ever seen, (like me).
Boy, that Nvidia Gameworks stuff kills
I'd rather have a QB with a similar skill set to Joe's backing him up.
Gentrification vigilantes
Apparently you've never owned an Apple product.
How much beer did you get?
It was backed in there.
All 1 of them?
If there's a market for it, sell it.
It should be between a man and a woman... Also a man and a man, or a woman and a woman, or transgender, or asexual, or pansexual, or any combination of two humans that want to pledge their lives to each other by getting married.
FIRE CAMERON RIGHT NOW
Doesn't the backline use seaweed salad?
Don't even live in the US.
Yeah but they took the opposite stance for the opposite sex, so it's actually equal treatment you see?
I wish they showed a bit more of what Takumi ended up doing for Initial D after the end.
Well, it takes more faith to be an atheist than to believe in God, you know!
Tons of racist/negative comments
loose*
I would poo my pants forever if that happened to me,
Lol who cares about Meereen, Dorne best plot of series so far
If she regrets it, or if she had a few beers first.
Well, I started juggling last month and didn't really think of it :P I have two gear sets for my commando, healer and DPS, so what was I supposed to use the comms on?
This kills the bird...
OH BOY I GET MAP PACKS FIRST YAY
His doesn't have sriracha sauce, which makes yours superior.
Smart, that will really help...
Lol Yes.. I can fit a truck battery inside a backpack.
oh you're young and still growing I guess
still runs better than an xbox
It's a spambot.
You heartless racist!
This is basically what a soccer game is like.
Makes me think of Paper Wraith King.
Good to see women treated as equals and able to sit in the stands with men.
I wouldn't be upset either if my team, with the divisional lead on the line, choked in front of a national audience either.
Casey Deluxe if I'm not mistaken.
Why would you not use a piece of hardware the way the manufacturer intended it to be used anyway?
But Reddit has told me Iran is a beacon of hope and peace in the region...
For some reason, the benchmark is not capped to 30fps while the actual game is.
Meanwhile /v/ has Vivian James as unofficial site waifu
Fl St shooter
But Churchill was going to crush France
they're gonna bomb sharpie factories now
You must be my brother from another mother.
Stop being such and anti-Semite, dude
I bet you are a real hoot at parties.
HOW DARE YOU LIKE A GAME!
It's called war.
Until a cop proves me wrong in person, ill stick to my anecdotal, statistical and video evidence.
It'll only be official once Jeb opens up a campaign stop/rally/whatever to the "Final Countdown" song.
Because Reddit cares *so much* about free speech after banning FPH and other anti-obesity subs.
Do you really claim every cat in a *25 mile radius* as your own?
Disney is going to top 2013 by itself.
If games "growing up" means that gamers should be playing pretentious, hamfistedly political, unfun, artsy games like Sunset, then I'm all about games staying childish.
M99 and Musket are in balancing hell imo 8D
Loving the Wales love I'm seeing in this thread.
actually it turns out GTA V and Batman Ark Ham Origami are both controller only.
Nice formatting
Yes, that's what the post is referring to.
The most dangerous of all hunger signals is fat loss
Oh boy, I can't wait
I'll go for c) None of the above.
OF COURSE YOU'RE NOT INVITED, YOU'RE A FUCKING WISP.
I don't want to meet the man who warms up with 455...
Wouldn't it also fit .. RhyThm/now asc
What a great deal for the 'Yotes!
Possible anal beads on the right?
Their ruby something is pretty good
Hey quit trying to have a sensible idea, you need to either passionately love every indie or hate every indie
Pay for an electronic wheelchair
Don't blame you, chapstick is greasy and nasty.
They both show how poor the treatment of women is in India.
love the homophobia, bro
I can't wait for the City of Edmonton's home-grown Uber app!
The feels are over 1024TB ;_;
He traveled....
No the point of the hogyouku was essentially to do whatever the user wanted, if that included hollowfication as it did when used by urahara it would do that
Phaseshift OP confirmed.
If we can keep both Revis and McCourty we might have the best free agency period of any team.
Yeah, so was Deadpool.
Yes, because prohibition makes everything so much less violent and disorderly.
NBC was a bit early with predicting our rivalry.
Yeah he is.
What is GE?
[[Bazaar Trader]] ever since I took 3rd at FNM by casting [[Act of Treason]] on my opponent's [[Frost Titan]].
that's why you gotta put the
That's because it's retarded
Weird how the catcher seemed to initially realize all he had to do was wait at home plate, then he made the mistake of lunging at him.
Turn 4 double flame imp is such a good counter to zoolock.
Like Lampard!
I bring my bear mace to work, you know, I don't really plan to use it.
Sorry
What does TotalBiscuit have to do with this?
Because this is reddit, and if you're not complaining about reposts then you're not trying hard enough
Bryanstars
So that's why I'm tempted to be in Death Shroud as much as possible.
It was a total embellishment dunno what you all are talking about.
sent you a friend invite
...risk...possibly...
But what if I have to talk to actual people?
It's on netflix
What's wrong OP, got a vagina between your legs?
bullshit, all this guy does is dunk and flop
He had a qb except not in oakland.
But white people don't have culture, so it's okay to appropriate their culture.
Just what I thought, he's in on it.
I am so sorry - ASOIAF
I think it was somewhere on reddit, but I didn't save the story.
Much easier than just not killing people.
Cmon dude - rape jokes just aren't funny (unless you're raping a clown).
sahi baat hai... Jis tarah MP, Mah, Chg, Raj mein daily katl-e-aam ho raha hai minorities ka, waisa toh nahi hoga Dilli mein.
As a European, I'm thankful that the US Senate settles such questions by majority vote for us dumbasses in the rest of the world who still believe in this outdated 'science' thing.
Boy, I'm glad they took that suicide note so seriously.
B-b-but 24 fps is more cinematic a-and the hooman eye can't see over 30 fps anyway!
Ron Artest
Living longer, being happy, and being safer must be very hard on lgbt people.
yeah anyone that likes hip hop must be stupid
I have, on many occassion, let my customers know that "if you reach your hands over my bar, you're pulling back a nub"
They're bugged on servers with persistence enabled, this has been a known bug for quite some time now.
Woosh.
Ah yes, clearly this is just the patriarchy infantilizing this poor wymyn.
Talk about clickbait!
Make this happen
I don't know about you, I would rather have 50GB of horse porn than 20GB of GTA 5.
Fake story because we all know cops can get away with anything.
Well i couldn't remember the name but after googling some pics I think it is Pete, actually.
Feminism stops being necessary or relevant every time a woman commits a crime, because feminism means all women are perfect beings who can do no evil.
You forgot the
Yeah, i'm sure it would've been an equaly successful game on Mac.
I like those sheets.
I expect a real polite and fair discussion on these comments.
You don't get it, you're only disagreeing because you want to feel morally superior.
uhhh anorexia is clearly a choice
Can we agree to just call this guy Shartmander?
Leave a note on the car or call icbc directly and they'll contact the other driver.
That's because only cool kids like Poe.
Total War needs to be banned for promoting violence against women
that's just because you're a beta mangina tho
Awwwww, sunshine thinks she's people too, how adorable
I'm missing drygores now that you think of it as well...
3rd OT 24-23 for Hajvani atm.
Yeah, steak and lobster every night.
With it being a new metal and all; that makes sense.
oops forgot the
yep.
Sounds legit.
It was close.
he has double the cooldown cause he causes double the damage
Like a *good* Christian.
Look at them, they've clearly been working so hard that they are exhausted.
The Rick Perry '72 Flag Room.
I say we take him but only if the waffle is off the board.
Oh wow, a Webby award.
Because Mindcrack is dead, remember?
happy new year!
Chaz Wen
Corporations are people my friend.
I know, I was just pointing out that another item has the same effect.
he just got those boards because Rondo is excellent at boxing out
What kind of work do you do, or did you save up beforehand?
As long as it's Halal
And proof that social engineering works, ladies and gentlemen.
Obviously steroids, nobody gets that big without them
Or The Mumps
Aaron Hernandez is an exemplary human being and the Patriots organization made sure everyone knew he was a person of interest in a double homicide and cut him immediately as soon as it happened in 2012.
Well good thing the only thing that determines eye sight is the eye sight of one of your parents and grandparents
Well by that logic I haven't seen any black people in the show which means RWBY must be racist.
Why fix a card that an entire archetype can't be viable without?
Why Powers, he's not even good enough to get called in to January Camp!
You need 75 points for gold.
Yes.
I think it has something to do with the blurry genitals
He's really missing the
Collusion!
Just what the region needs.
McDonald's sidechain that is pegged to the value of the companies stock on Counterparty over the Ethereum protocol while taking donations for the Ronald McDonald House via QR code on the food wrappers.
why not tdm?
The always gotta ruin it by jumping the gun.
maybe they got a new one that just happened to be worse
Yeah man I'm totally addicted to movies, I spent 2 hours yesterday watching most of The Hobbit!
Locals with firearms certainly haven't made any of this shit in the middle east difficult for modern militaries.
Maybe he just liked the taste of semen in his food!
Lets wait and see
Damn you for being so reasonable and logical... I am just trying to do my job here.
Don't you know that American beer is nothing but piss water and it is all terrible?
Get out of here with your nonsense of spaces and attention
Cyrus all over again.
Mansplaining is a sexist, disgusting word, and now you've revealed yourself to be a hypocrite.
You made a comment relevant to the conversation, but downvotes because I disagree!
Nah it looks like shit, it's grey
Pit
I just shifted trough the article, i tend to read it but was watching panamera :D:D
Thank you for posting many sources of peer reviewed psychological studies to back up your point.
B-b-but thehists r dmbr
No, we should make more gun laws, because clearly that's worked out for Chicago and DC, both of which had the highest murder rate in the country despite having the strictest gun laws.
Open Broadcasting Service
Perhaps their health insurance should pay, and the cost be about 15X the regular price.
He missed an opportunity for an oh so witty use of the word bone.
[Charles Andrew, Big A]
No, it's Russia, so it's completely different!
No
With the right gear you can still do it without legacy Nat's, although it does require a significant investment to do so since 2.1.2.
Why do we call it the rust belt if the belt is pretty much the only part that doesn't rust?
No, to ward them off and keep the woman to himself
TIL that the IRA and many other terrorist groups are Muslims.
I can't wait to see where this rollercoaster of a narrative goes!
Well if 8chan is more extreme than 4chan, then that means that they do things 2x as worse than murder on there
This is good info but seems kinda condescending...
GT: Legend Of zuKo
A marginalized Wolfkin that has so internalized their own oppression they thus feel justified to keep this poor feline down...
Yeah since every support wards and isn't toxic
not like the guy in the yellow 911 Porsche at age 40+ and pulling pranks to seem like he's still cool doesn't have a small penis.
Yeah, fuck history!
YEAH THIS HERALDS THE WAY FOR AN OKORE-BASED DOMINATION OF THE LEAGUE!
I mean, do you have *any* evidence to support that?
He's a little beta bitch, that's what he is!
b-but that's a brosplit
It was so nice of those Nazis to let those Jews go after WWII.
HES FINE HIS SHOES ARE STILL ON
That happens most of the time when I state my opinion on Reddit, so no, it really doesn't make me angry.
How about a Pir Seyid Riza street where the Turkish Embassy is?
Yes, and the NPD members aren't Nazis.
Not cool.
There's sign language.
I feel soooo bad for the company that installed rootkits onto people's computers a few years back and got off Scott free.
Oh man, time for another hunger strike!
Yay, more rares!
Weird Al.
Because sneaking nukes around is part of daily life in Tel Aviv
Well, clearly the first on got it wrong.
Actually, I'd bet most people would know her as the best friend in Confessions of a Shopaholic.
Which is why Android is the most common smartphone OS.
You won't need that fps in a smoke because you can't see anyways!
That was way harsh, Tai.
I wish I could find a good deal like this one
I'm so glad I saved up these 150k vocation badges!
Poseur is most definitley wrong.
Yeah I don't even know why they didn't picked Reginald for midlane, the guy won so many LANs and shit.
Yup, every American hates other Americans
I'm just glad my mind didn't immediately go to Muslims before it was confirmed.
you forgot the
Nobody could have seen this coming
It's time we start some special programs to encourage boys to develop academic interests.
Because all daughters need their daddies to protect their virginity and keep them from ever exploring or coming to understand their own bodies and keep them from ever meeting or being intimate with a boy.
Man the sympathy is just palpable in this thread.
Cops had never got caught planting evidence before so the notion of them doing that is absurd.
It was announced for around a month or so after the PS4/Xbone editions, I think.
The most common way to take K is up the nose, that's how I've always taken it
Don't forget height.
Im not about to try to get Moltres out of the PC
the element of surprise doesnt care about techique
Andrew Stanton, the director
I demand I be able to change Master Chief into a mentally challenged, wheelchair bound, tornado-kin with an ancestral history of Afro-american slavery!
Hi.
If you type the Konami Code, (up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, start) a picture of a squirrel dressed as Deadpool appears
Land in the basement?
They need to sow this guys mouth shut already, he just doesn't know when to shut up
Claim you're blind and run away into the nearest wall.
Most debit cards can be run through either the MasterCard or visa networks in which case they act just like credit cards at time f purchase.
Not sure how much of a background Stefano has in sportscar racing so I doubt he is heading in that direction...
All of you are blind, it's very obviously Gantz
Mason
Your submission was removed because good for you, but there's no advice in that story.
Well this is going to make it difficult to abduct kids
That was sick
It's more preventive since it's preseason, no reason to get him back in.
Illuminati.
Didn't get the reference so that could explain things
He wouldn't know that because they aren't on the market (can't be listed that high).
So Americans can attack people for an agenda but other people cant?
oh my god the ownage is so delicious here I love it
Shit if I bought some steel pipe and fertilizer I'd be getting a swat team at my door.....
Don't you understand, anything "lamestream" Is just pandering to the filthy causal crowd and fuck them.
You mean "inb4 gnome warlock".
Commenting to save because this is a fantastic analogy.
a chucker that got hot for 5 years straight?
Yeah, chubby is a freeride deck hence the w concave
would smoke a bowl with boss, sound like a bas ass.
That's what the extra $3000 a semester for a cafeteria pass at college gets us.
I dont think op wants to leave this daughter
A day late and a dollar short GOP.
It's an analogy...
we have sing, we dont even give a shit about soe
Rape can be used effectively in storytelling, but it's really hard and should probably be avoided for RPG purposes.
This has to be the best way of going about it.
Looks like in respawn this ability won't necessarily be a thing but in SnD it will be a must.
He doesn't learn.
FIRST RECON HOO RAH
Pretty sure I'm not....
I agree with you completely, DICE sweden just weren't ready to release, and now DICE LA is taking over and finally fixing the game rather than releasing new DLC that we can pay $15 in order to complain about new bugs that won;t ever get fixed... seriously tho, it's too late IMO, if the latest Live patch doesn't fix the rest of the sound crashes (STILL ON LANCANG DAMN) then I'm just gonna uninstall and save that 40GB for a game that doesn't crash or get me frustrated to the point where I have to ALT+F4.
Yeah, but what else could you really do?
Sad to say but I don't doubt this has been used by someone to stop hair growth.
thats pure talent, what a great singer
With the AAC looking pretty bad this year, I'm starting to envy the Big East..
I think they are referring to how Nintendo games age well due to their art style they need less pixels to look nice, but they don't use that art style.
I have a cat named Magneto, does that count for anything?
Release an updated Wii U with no gamepad, two Wiimotes included instead, upgraded hardware to reach parity with next-gen, a revamped online infrastructure with full account support, an actual friends center, fully subsidize servers and infrastructure for online multiplayer, and since retail has been screwing Wii U for a while now, throw in two free digital games.
Explosions are really just widely distributed freedom.
Don't they itch?
Now I'm curious: did printer suppliers like HP lose a lot of business from using DRM in their printers and toner cartridges, or did the rest of the industry just copy them?
Your comeback makes you look worse than any insult I could ever come up with
Good thing global warming isn't a thing!
This is disgusting on so many levels.
lurking Indian here, check out the comments on the Daily Heil.
lol... little late but
What does CMIIW stand for, btw?
I think you mean "Acended"
Poor people don't drive on roads
That was actually completely unintentional.
Thank you
I thought animals don't/can't cry?
Smiles per gallon*
Let's throw a fucking pity party for the scumbag
I'm too old for this stuff.
Says the trained circus monkey...
Plus, aside from the fact that their vital areas are exposed (unlike a vest) and they're completely immobile, making said areas easy to aim for, if a shot from a handgun to a bulletproof vest can break ribs, I think the position they're in would cause a lot more damage when the spine bends forward towards the ground and their face goes into their knees.
Cough Carmelo Anthony cough!
Some people lie better than others... some people believe their own lies.
I like to think I would have just looked at it and burst out laughing before I died.
If you're suuuuure
came here to say this
Yep, especially now with the buff to mage food (restores 100% of total health and mana over 20 sec, up from an arbitrary amount increasing every 10 levels)
That hasn't happened yet (Luffy is in Block C, Bellamy just got the shit punched out of him in Block B), so tag that shit.
Some people at their worst don't deserve love.
Don't forget how hyphy everyone will be getting as they ghost ride the whip
Bitch gets a dog.
Was it down by the river?
so can a Photographer if he sells all his gear ..
Since when do amps have soundstage?
ITT: "They aren't good"
Thanks, was already wondering what the hell they were talking about...
I hear those batteries give you gas.
He must have forgotten.
Mini-Dispensers.
These comments tho.
forgive me... Gee?
Brush is kill.
Too far, dude.
What if their pleasure comes from *not* doing something?
Great choice!
Good thing this subreddit is only for you.
Yes, but most of them aren't literally Japanese Atlas Shrugged.
Democrats would never stoop to that level
This is oppression of non-30 day months
Well they can clearly age, going by the christmas episode.
Season 3
I have 64 bit OS and Java, and am giving 2 GB...
Then you only fuck ten percent of the time?
No senpai, this is our upvote.
I really really want to import my character into New Vegas now.
Well they would know how ridiculous that shirt is
Yea except Cane's sauce has crack in it.
but boobs
I want an entire dubbed movie of this
amazing
Senegal, namely its capital city; Kuala Lumpur.
Oops, forgot the
Burton Custom X It's almost the definitive halfpipe deck.
Surfing and pot
*soccer
What bad side effects?
This was a fucking great show...
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime.
looks like stuff I was drawing in 9th grade, and embarrassed about ever since
Incest?
Damn, now we'll have to find a new way to kill it all.
Those poor misguided Musim youth, if only they had a brighter future ahead of them, you people living in the industrialized first world, going to universities and becoming doctors have no idea what its like....
You should read before posting, that has nothing to do with LoL.
Blonde 'Arry Potta!
Dirk Kuyt should be qualifies I guess, was a striker for a long time, now a wing-back in Holland's WC 5-man defence
Better add a couple more ie's and ei's just to be sure.
No idea.
But to be fair, I'd guess the majority of users are american, majority if the content is from america, and the majority of the content is in English( not the official language of the us but still.
We'll use our solid higher education base and top notch infrastructure to turn ourselves into an intellectual powerhouse.
Held hostage for "x" amount of days
It's okay, all we have to do to stop them is vote out all the evil republicans.
Green means it's legal to go, not that it's safe to and all that.
Shallow humor will always find its' audience.
Dude, you must have not paid enough attention to the hundreds of practice MBE questions about mortgages, jury instructions and cars flipping over on sunny days.
At least lamar miller is now beating him, I have Ivory, Miller, Lacy, and Bell.. Come on Miller and bell
Yeah we should start tipping teachers instead.
They're more open minded.
**WHO IS THIS 4CHAN?, EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT HIM**
Written on cardboard with a sharpie.
Love me a farmers tan too!
Well, 90s Aquaman kind of suffered from 3edgy5meitus, but pre Johns he was alright, but nothing special.
hey, everyone makes mistakes
Itd be a nice transition for them into their new season of minecraft on the one
Just like always, another professor was fired for telling the truth.
I said a glass of juice, not gas the Jews.
Yeah... Ummmm... Linux.....
many of those berkut guys weren't even ukrainian.
Diversity is for niggers and chinks
It's never a bad thing to shoot TEST.
They were simple on an excersise
Oh I'm so glad you decided to contribute.
homeschooling is the answer
California...?
Let's all watch Scrotal Recall
Maybe he thought you needed potassium.
Same color, amirite!
It will look great at 60
Xbone now at a cinematic 1600p!
Game of Thrones spoiler: [The Purple Wedding]
I suppose we've all been victimized by our own overactive imaginations.
Thanks, friend.
after Mustaine was kicked out it just wasn't the same man...
It's obviously giving you a clear advantage over other people...
also shooting people, punching them, slapping cuffs on them and driving away with them.
Uniformly orienting the grain in the leg tenons is unnecessarily garish, no?
Flame didnt impress me at all at worlds as well
We tried that last year and it didn't work.
If you are working on a farm and there is no food then you are not doing your job!
Russian mothers, it's your time to stop Kremlin loonies.
Thank heavens she was micro-managing the Patterson GlobalFood Institute construction to have noticed the "scrap" marble.
Lol took me until the Denver part to realize
Yeah, I'm sure there's no reason at all for this.
Listening to Harris speak, it's pretty clear that he's a genocidal racist bigot
This wouldn't be cutting into MS's losses, it would be the retailer as they now have a used console to deal with.
some fixers were on him
replace the dolphin with a picture of a penis and/or tits and you'll be the coolest guy around
Not me unless it has the 2 and PCs are fine for gaming.
Titties
FIFA's Ballon d'or.
You have to burn the body to prevent spread of diseases.
Its ashley cole, of course its always about money
But pc is so much better it has godly things, your a peasant and should go and burn in peasant hell!
Then maybe Tristam could shout him out on Twitter
Really?
Oh... is *that* what happened?
We fucked up, we should have just voted in the guy vowing to add 1 million jobs.
Don't drink and dance Janhit mein jaari
In the $250/night scenario, wouldn't it be better to redeem booking through the UR portal due to the 25% bonus, thus requiring 20,833 miles?
Because we are used to the high quality HAAZ Wizard commercials
And that's worked out so well for us..
Thats all a fake scandal created by right wing groups against Obama.
Bullied for being a skater, I don't believe it, that's never happened to anyone else.
Leavenworth, Kansas...don't get too excited
But duh hooman aye cant see past 60 fps
Frogs aren't animals duh.
Fake, all three didn't recover
i just love me some vertical videos, wooohoooo!
nope, with higher WN8 you can buy more hax and subscriptions to warpack
I $110% agree with you.
Damn those anitsemetic rockets!
Thanks for the update
Install a litlle Camelbak hose from the nipple to babby's mouth?
Yes, because clearly the situation was resolved by violence.
Meanwhile, Australia takes the new coal industry open opportunity to develop new coal fired power plants to continue moving in the opposite direction of conventional thought.
Oh no, not cleavage, esports is dead.
seriously, can't these NFL guys just hit women instead of doing drugs or drinking and driving?
Yeah, ditch your friends bro -- then this place on the internet will be your only social outlet.
oooooo fancy
So the obama sticker is fine thou imarite?
omg whiteknight etc etc
HCE_BOT B&amp; THIS FOOL!
Yup, the only time you should share something that worked for your is if you can guarantee it will work for 100% of everyone.
you forgot your
The battlement powerpoint is the parody, dumbass.
Fuck you, you anti consumerist fuck, you're worse than dlc
Yeah Midland and Odessa are just absolutely fantastic.
Yea the UN is totally un biased
You only have 40 summoning, what a noob
one seal says to the other, "This place is a bloody mess!"
Silver Surfer for the NES would be a frigging cakewalk if he was as powerful as he is in lore.
DHD is actually clone of Rosalina and Luma
Yeah they're obviously just oversensitive and lying.
Research is for baby murderers!
Someone needs to tell these unholy couple "Y'all mothafakas need Jesus"
You even put my favorite toppings on it!
Yeah, I hate white bags too!
Well duh, someone has to create the jobs at the Ferrari factory
They had to give it to MCW because he saved the Sixer's season by not letting them be the worst streaking team ever.
Lakers have/had a couple as well: Ariza Blake Fisher Howard Barnes Butler And not to forget Gasol, CP3 and Dwight
That's most likely gonna be on the next generation so we're good.
Leave Britney Alone
The only *real* man's weapon is the samurai katana, but you stupid baka gaijin wouldn't know anything about that!
Trues friends don't shake down their homies
Inspired by a comment yesterday that included 'Lincoln Khan' at the end, Star Trek's abysmal third season (Kirk, Lincoln, and friends fight evil to amuse rock creatures), rich Corinthian leather, and Ricardo Montalban's pecs.
It's the perfect Dan storm.
Don't you mean 3d printer?
We must arm the fetuses.
I think you're asking for too much there.
Hire him as a coach?
That *x* is the **best** *y* **ever**.
Rape is not funny
Why are you so boring?
lmao because of the
You have to get E5-2680 for that, you silly
Are you implying that Kendrick isn't the greatest of all time yet
HM Ambassador would have totally uprooted the pole !
Big bones-ism
i just received my mid-year bonus... nakakainis, may pera na naman ako.. problema ko na naman paano to gagastusin
Don't worry as a ~~former~~ cable lobbyist Tom Wheeler will recognize this farce.
It's called a liver for a reason!
you must be new here, this sub reddit complains about something every patch
The most modest man in the world too, what a catch
No one respects my god damn bets!
On earth?
Bullshit, they just don't like Lewis.
You probably don't get too many bitches with only 4k points, bitches only go for real men with 15k or more...
Dae riot literally the worst company and they should just quit and just give up and let ogn run it all cause Korea master race over all
Big 4 splitting up?
But...but why didn't he shoot through the engine block to stop the vehicle and then ask politely for the driver to step out and put the handcuffs on himself?
Silly goose, don't you know that there was no such thing as "civilization" in the Arab peninsula before Islam?
They just don't have electricity
well maybe if u just accepted jesus already you would stop lying
Which was rust's point about Marty's career without him.
What's a sidebar?
Cause super bowls are only due the QB which is why Russell Wilson is clearly superior to PFM.
But everything else in the movie was so realistic, why would they suddenly make a joke?
Let's a goal in so trade him asap.
Lust?
Well... we made a good impression TT
Where's the combat footage?
Obviamente ese 47% esta compuesto por galletas, chucherias y refrescos que la gloriosa GNB decomiso a los guarimberos fascistas
Look, this guy is anti-Semitic!
Sick reference bro.
sarcasm
Sorry, but the schools "have a policy", and that doesn't allow room for compassion.
What a jokster.
Because clearly the change of the Bullets to the Wizard was the reason why the murder rate in DC plummeted.
Just a classy neg from a gentlesir.
Yea you could always sign up for cable with a 2 year contract and add their premium pack with hbo sho and starz to watch one show
Surely you meant "dick" at the end.
I thought the replacement for public folders was Sharepoint?
And I'm sure NI got back to you promptly and fixed the issue.
Your teacher lied to you
Don't post an 8th, or you'll get shadowbanned for too much content
next time pick a career that will help you win your fantasy league... that's what real men do...
I'm sure Rocket will just drop everything and deviate from the roadmap that the huge team of devs has laid out as the best way to move forward just so he can address your pet peeves.
Right
As as a monk 2 of my passives are so strong they are mandatory for me to even semi compete with other classes it's awesome
He does care, just in private.
Your previous insurance was shitty and you are just an anecdote and probably lying.
I dunno but deviantart has a lot of 13 yr olds self insert 10th class characters and those are totally original and useful
But if they can dick around for a few more months assigning blame, then it looks good and the program goes on...
Yeah so no where in the constitution does it say you have a right to free speech on the phone or internet because those didnt exist before.
Ah but as the Ugandan minister would say, it is the right kind of rape!
It's so cringey that a politician would want to be liked by their constituents.
So if a woman goes to get an abortion while she's drunk, can she later claim she never consented to the abortion getting the doctor accused of murder?
But getting in a losing QBs face after a game, then tweeting about it later, that's full of class.
So make it an "equal responsibility" to learn the local language, and incentivise it by tying the "equal right" to benefits to fulfilling the responsibility.
Well then... I will have to make sure to keep an eye on that.
It would be fine if it were a woman spanking a bunch of men.
Sacha Kljestan to Loons confirmed.
Because Denver and Seattle fans were sitting at home to watch the game
because you're totally going to spend that much on a phone SD card.
He must have injected some in his stomach for that beer gut look, because the rest of him is just solid muscle
It's...glorious.
Men are all militants, though, that's the difference.
The original
Woo, just one more reason to be proud of my state...., uh
Pro-league should be played on Starcraft 64.
This happened.
obviously he was a ball hog, he had to have the ball to dish out assists!
Quibbling over semantics... that's exactly what this thread needed
Cant go wrong with Ochem
The eight-year-old should have been taught proper firearm discipline and to treat guns with respect.
Yay Hardwell
I'm proud to be an American
Why would they implement something with favorites misspelled?
You really showed them!
[Notice how when they're hitting cars the alarms only go off when the one guy hits them and also how he climbs out of the driver seat of the crashed car.]
Maybe it was Brazilian midget porn!
This is a very similar idea to the wealth elevator tool, and obviously everyone having this feature would result in *too many server requests and obviously shut the game down*; Oh and now that it's possible we won't change this because someone people already bought it and they'd feel bad.
In the same way that over 99% of people with autism have had vaccines!
The Penguins should hire him to commentate games.
Lol Mercury is the connection, don't know wtf this other guy is talking about
All of New England, the cradle of American freedom, is a Constitution-free zone, wtf?
Had 2-3 instances of the game crashing with the "This program has stopped responding" in the last week where the game has normally been super stable, so yeah, seems something might be up.
Hell yes, when going out for a steak is normal and not a very rare luxurious treat, I'll know I'm doing really damn well for myself.
Which is funny because that is pretty much what the government is going to get from you if you cash out within a year.
Yeah people are already crying like crazy on the forums like they usually do though.
Should have started human rights abuse investigation as far back as 1831 Trail of Tears.
The same reason Bayern's home stadium is called Allianz Arena
He's coming back for 35$.
usa is literally police state
Dat rotary engine
Sounds like Pilot had a chip on his shoulder and wasn't going to shoulder {bad pun} that load alone.
BINGO!
Lol.
Become an Israeli citizen and cast your one vote
It's not the left-wing, maybe the far-left but definitely not left-wing
Ah, the folly of youth
Okay, cool, I agree.
Technically legal is the best kind of legal.
Still saves time over losing a defense mission 30+ waves in because you didn't check.
So you mean, like, it was a bad idea to buy/build in a floodplain?
I wish Dota had silly items like this :( i understand why they want to draw the line, but still...
It will continue being devalued as long as the rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
forgot the
That theoretical space elevator is looking like a safer alternative right about meow.
They'd probably portray it as a sea of piss.
omg...
This raiders game is hilarious.
Crabtree is a great receiver it wasn't his fault
Found the smoker, number 3.
Pyongyang
Ok?
Comments like yours make me wonder how often redditors check user histories to see how relevant particular comments actually are.
Dood that'd be #EPIC
Except for the part where they're wrong, of course.
cash is king
Ames, Hanssen, and the Rosenburgs also thought they were serving a higher purpose.
What's the connection, then, that these researchers were trying to debunk the efficacy of this drug/treatment?
Nigri Please
It seems to be more common with females which is probably why they didn't consider it a possibility for me at first since I was a 17 year old male at the time .
there was a post earlier about a teacher saying welders don't make that much
BOBO HAS CONDITIONED THEM TOO WELL.
You're right, just like our governments are a direct representation of the people's will.
You..... You MONSTER!
Only in about two instances :p
Well I'm almost positive my D&amp;D pipes would be completely illegal in the golden state.
That kid's gonna get SO much cookie.
1000 feet?
Don't you see that this person is clearly more important?
If that happened today JUI would open inquiries to know whether the meat was halal
Nope only upgrades are performance and Wheels
Should have opened the door and invited that drunk cunt in.
Think gun range: foam plugs and ear muffs.
If your boyfriend stares at her, doesn't rebuff her flirtatious advances, and disregards your feelings, you may need to reevaluate the relationship.
When people attempt to inject their god into whatever man is doing.
The unofficial patch seems to help things though, so perhaps there is hope there.
Around 40 value of items
You are now banned from...wait.
There is a trigger you shoot inside each base
Or if something were to happen to it.
That's another piece of it-sometimes parenthood brings a sense of responsibility that wasn't there before.
What drink did you get?
No Nike?
You should make a quiz with just the pallets
Vegeta gets his ass kicked too much
I was really excited to try this until I found out how it works because I doubt it works if you share a bed.
he hosts his way you host your way
Yea wtf why doesnt Rafa just double leg Andre
So were the perpetrators... underage that is.
nope.
Better LOLBs and CBs would help tremendously
Naw, better not to specify, this way you get to look like a victim to a corporation.
How about an oldie but goodie, Goblin Polka Band?
Not just a HOF Coach, but a coach from the Bill Parcells' tree.
I just hope sniper rifles will be rare, unwieldy and LOUD.
As long as they're not bear arms.
Cardinals fan?
Right cuz being bad at the stealth jet to deal requires the attack jet pilot to get banned from the server.
TIL the Heavy is a redditor.
Just like before we showed up.
Polen cannot into tech tree.... yet.
How many minutes in until Maher brings up Israel and how awesome and justified Israel's actions are?
Coe, Pyro and Arkas were the only somewhat active Lords from Mindcrack.
I mean they're both Asians right, so same diff.
It's a Norwegian thing according to my Norwegian friend.
Ghostbusters?
I'll just leave bad reviews everywhere.
Plastic Nee-San
spicy asshole eh?
It's not bosozoku, though...
Disturbing... yet I cannot look away.
I know on the Away replicas there is some missing trim and the yellow "New York" tramp stamp
Lol, now there's a picture of a man that is truly contemplating what events and choices have led him to this exact point in life.
I'd imagine Valve's Network / Systems engineer is not having a very fun month...
Plato's cave taught me that only the blazing light of science can tear through the clouds and actually make my infrared thermometer work
'I've been twerkng on bats my whole life..."
After you "cum lube" stunt, I expected you to be filling your receiver with some fresh and frothy santorum.
A Zl'aise Blaise
I think that you shouldn't live your life like it's a sitcom.
Hej brodir
it's anti-hwat?
That's what she said.
I have a feeling that most of the offenders are kids and people who don't hold down the flapper long enough (especially in older bathrooms).
he is the Marlon Brando of this generation
When you find one, let me know if the store also has some Hernandez jerseys for sale, too.
They have a word for everything.
Raiders need to move back,course Buffalo is for sale.
Makes perfect sense that it would cost a lot of money unless you have money.
Yeah, like Milhouse Van Houten once said, "Maybe always means no."
To be fair, $200 at the movies is pretty easy to do, that's only like 2 adult tickets, two large popcorn a, two large sodas, and a couple of boxes of candy.
Kickass Ty.
He's talking about Brown's second leg that came in from behind after the initial foul.
I think it's well established that this is the inside of a blunt dumped to be used for weed....but I find it funny that it was so easy to identify the pot stem from 2mm of plant material.
No, Britain celebrates Christmas with white people and gay people provide the lighting.
This should be it's own subreddit
Way to make 'em pay boys
Frustration cries are the most unwanted and unpredictable cries :(
Clearly I missed out on some weird shit on the internet 5 years ago.
His twitter is awesome, his cheat days are of epic portions
it's the japanese word for suicide
Oh, so it basically becomes a lategame fight because they all need to turn?
For some reason I read the last part of your comment in Veronica Corningstone's voice.
ETHERED
He plays for FSU... im sure he prob has some
Supporting the democrats in opposition to the conservatives is about as effective as writing a protest letter to Obama.
Rage
But, we're oppressing Christians by not letting them turn American into a theocracy.
And what part of my comment made you think that?
Don't forget the dx12 update which magically increases the grafix and frame rate of all games
Screw that, Pokemon kick's ass.
I don't understand why the other kids could only count to four and say to D though...
Thank you, WebMD.
Sorority girl level of maturity right there.
Ah... the good ol' "Boys'll be boys"... check your privilege shitlord!
No mobile app yet, and it will be a bit before we can get that together.
treaties and alliances...
Jewland, for family fun
Couldn't hurt for a plug.
rub my belly
DAE Ganondorf is a spacie?
I like the part where you're pretending that reddit can only hold a limited amount of stories at one time.
Michael Torres.
Yeah just ignore global warming, it's fine....
Or the
hodor
While we're on the subject, are there any must-see Westerns besides the ones OP listed?
They should remove her knock up to because it has no counter play and give her an increase in mp regen
It's like the chicken and egg conundrum.
Also they would have photographed it directly thanks to satellites not bound to Earth orbit like STEREO, the Voyagers, the ones orbiting Mars, etc.
I feel violated just reading that.
I can't believe he didn't receive an Emmy for that amazing portrayal of a Christian bashing atheist.
Yeah after the last season we all feel rejuvenated
IIRC, Bloomington proper has exclusivity deals with Comcast and AT&amp;T.
Yes, I know about 1860 and outer Manchuria
they'll bring kakao to live as a streamer for 2 years then once he comes "regionalized" he'll join the roster
In his defense, he was drunk.
You're totally right, the crappy coaching and lack of good receiving options totally didn't contribute to his decline in the 2nd half of last year.
yeah, because you could never possibly have to log in from another ps4.
And uh, how well did Tabula Rasa do... Not very.
Ug, that must have been so hard for him to do.
Anything Britney Spears has done twice is not a superpower
why do you hate freedom?
It's shocking no one will recommend you with such a positive attitude towards the hobby and community.
'Merica, lobbying is not the same thing as corruption
They impressed you in 2008, judging from the Beijing Games logo.
Well yeah, you would NEVER see a church or a pastor/priest use religion as means to accumulate several million/billions of dollars.
Richters water bottle?
You forgot the
Hey, it's on PC so you can actually see which country they're from
Though it doesn't sound as mystical and full of wisdom, I feel like this is more accurate.
And [Toph!]
I own the official one, it is a really nice one and works for my other devices too.
Thanks for not bothering about Taiwan and forgetting about the return of Toyz
jet noise.
Take it when you get cold to warm you up
Why don't you drink (insert obscure microbrew from an even more obscure hippy commune somewhere in the Pacific Northwest) it's the best beer ever fap fap fap fap.
Something something taking it out of context!
I hear that Harbaugh guy is pretty classy when he loses
I THOUGHT WE WERE DONE WITH THIS.
Because many small H2 production plants with excess capacity is so cost effective
Nope, worse than hitler and babyrape.
I think that's part of what made her manipulation so scarily effective - it was grounded in good, positive sentiments that she twisted to her own needs.
I don't necesarily believe the abortion = less crime narrative, just thought it was worth pointing out that "Detroit has lots of abortion and lots of crime" isn't a good argument since the issue is about relative crime rates.
Let's not forget Obama's not American.
It's impossible to know that though
Dude recoloured obby shield is so nice though
Gives Quebec Hydro a whole new meaning
That narrows it down
Just eat the weed!
maybe it's because he's Asian
shhhh they won't pay use if you engage them, just get back to voting and writing the pro-Israel comments they gave us
But mocking people's mental problems is hilarious it is.
Wow, I didn't know they made the movie into a book!
At least she wasn't raped.
Vanu Magriders laugh at your pitiful traction concerns, bwahahahaha
Glad to see they are following the scriptures, rather than picking and choosing winners and losers.
So, Di Maria is really leaving
But how am I supposed to farm them when ppl want 560+ players
Because the only people who ever pre order on steam are from this sub reddit
I'm shocked
Yeah he definitely killed that dude in the crowd...
It 's just fish tho
Yeah Israel doesn't get a fair shake in the US.
Once the nation's water supplies are securely in the hands of the industrialists and corporations, I'm sure it will *never* happen again.
Only a culture appropriating shitlord, that's who.
Didn't see this coming.
But 30 fps are more cinematic!
Finally, an answer to teemo!
Yeah, this sounds way more broken than Leeroy Leeroy Leeroy
How dare you insult Taijuan Walker's GF's Dad like that.
Wait, they had glass at LPoE?
A team who recruits highly ranked 5-star defensive lineman.
Yeah, i'm sure insulting them would be a great way to get them to do a favour for you...
Well you cant protest and work at the same time, people need money to live on and robbing while protesting/rioting is like killing two birds with one stone.
Yeah, stop paying for your anime right now you dick head!
Nah, I totally disagree with that sentiment.
Is Phil Fisch running their PR department nowadays?
amount of chubbiness
Just goes to show Red Bull, Starbucks and 5 hour energy control the world.
Your perceptions astound me.
Yeah, she personally made the video.
How the fuck did you know that I'm Hispanic.
TIL 1 fan = fanbase
When using sarcasm end with
All those hard core criminals being taken off the streets, thank god.
because any and all research done needs to be in an academic setting to be meaningful
But dude, I have PC Cleaner 2014 and it is TOTALLY RADICAL!
Tyrion had a golden hand chain thing during the Blackwater episode.
Bet it smelled amazing.
Suresh Prabhu will play an advisor role?
Yep, it's ethnic cleansing, on par with Sarajevo during the Balkan conflict in the 90s, or the Rwandan genocide.
Because only Reddit thinks this and not the majority of scientists in the field.
gay marijuana smokers
Buy a watch or bead bracelet, it'll offset your small wrists.
Stranger break-up line: Luke, I am your father
well with that disclaimer, who could be offended?
Sorry my sarcasm doesnt get to you...
Lol I do smoke, but its not cigs.
Can confirm.
Just think of all the dingy whites if they would have... *shudder*
Because their opinion makes a lick of difference to what I put on my face.
The problem here is that Colorado is west of the Mississippi.
The free market is not good when it caters to brown people, have you forgotten this?
It's not her job to educate them, and it's not her job to be a living cooking show, you racemixing shit.
But how else am I going to log in to get practically private gear
That's exactly the type of thing that a traitor would say......
So if they like breasts it's because they didn't get enough titty when they were a baby...unless you find out they did get plenty of titty, in which case obviously it's because they got too much?
I don't think it's limited to reddit.
Yeah, because you see thinks like that at LCS everyday right?
Obviously.
Obviously you should be leaving earlier the whole year just on the off chance there's traffic.
Why would any one want to get rid of ic2?
Shocker....
Yeah because there is only 1 job that exists for each person and that job is always located in the city that they already live in.
Hooray for vigilante justice!
I hear a little lead can add great flavor too.
I'd rock a women are built for rape shirt
I can't wait to see it!
Because it's perfectly fine to *not* *lock* doors in the first place while being guest in someone else's house.
He's teriyaki style!
But women never lie about being raped.
Yeah, that seems likely.
Russia destabilizes Ukraine and annex Crimea then blames West.
How dare you question Modiji you Sickular Khangressi Naxal AAPTard!
I don't know, I think TDKR is better than Modern Times...
I think he said something about being a socially free country.
She must *love* the femail, then!
Yeah like all the violence that happens at beer festivals
Just have one adopted - they're identical anyway so it's not like you'd be giving away anything unique.
can't tell if
I always consider actor's personal and political lives before deciding if I am entertained by their performance.
Chance *the Rapper*?
*cough* i cant see why you are mentioning BF4
Time to go downvote some of your old posts
r/delusionalartists material right there.
...but think of all the high paying jobs that will be lost when they close!
So deep I'm drowning...
es una tranquilidad saber que el marco legal detiene a todos, y a este gobierno en particular, a cumplir todas las leyes vigentes, sin privilegios.
Yeah, how dare we get excited about something related to the game!
Great idea!
Holy shit, reddit is a great community...
Let's not forget about that shitty ice too!
oh, it's just the stadium.
Wow that sounds like a lot of fun
Yeah, there's no way these guys play hungover... Just imagine how Killa performs at all these events
Because muslim is a race.
Then what she said is RACIST!
I dunno, I'm always up for a rousing debate about cold, hard, provable chemistry and biology facts.
He was actually patched in with the latest update.
I thought everyone read through the quest text thoroughly in every game and ranked them all in a notepad sheet.
But because at 10+ in a 63ish possession game doesn't hold a candle to 15+ in a 70+ possession game...
Yeah, and those horrible awful fat people should NEVER get to enjoy those lovely days without the scorn of others!
Yea its cheap and people who eat it every day get fat as fuck so it must be poison
According to Mark Rubin and allll the marketing, it's a completely new engine!
Canon Fd
BUT THAT CREATES DEPENDENCY
Worked great for Agents of SHIELD...
Duh, the second born weren't old enough yet.
Get the fuck outta here with your logic
Hey, I put a yellow ribbon magnet on my car, what else do you expect!
But police are mythical creatures who are super smart with firearms, only cops should have guns.
What does Che Guevara got to do with Gaming?
See, who needs snow tires anyway?
I touched a baggie that once held coke in it, never felt the need to do it
It's your problem, you have to fix it
They should have given him chocolate cake and thanked him for keeping the local glass shop in business
I'm feeling fucking cheerful as a result of this campaign ^^
Yea but then who will fund the rest of the world's defense spending?
In Mother Russia you earn free stuff ;)
I can't wait in the future when it is mandated that I have to ask for the personal pronouns of my employee or client when I meet them.
Nobody wants to be the PR guy/gal for the police station that's breaking the law all over the 10 o'clock news!
So, isn't the punishment for repeat offenders supposed to be severe?
Wish canceling was an option.
As a Bronze baddie, I will do what I can to improve my game and eventually make Meteos ragequit from feeding
in the distance.
- The great bambino
Nice, sometimes you can just sneak around the edge of the obelisks too if they got placed just a little off.
Those top comments on every post that used to go "*Biologist here!*..."
Riot please this would be perfect.
I guess a survey post would be useful or something?
Top kek.
Fiberglass and resin: The NEW duct tape
AJ Jenkins jerseys are on clearance too
There is no way Apple will release the final iOS version without improvements to Siri and I think the coming improvements will be something big, they can't get behind the competition, where they probably already are at.
Nice getting around the filter.
Pifft, get back on the other side of the curtain where you belong!
I don't know, maybe
I can't find any :(
Seriously, put these on a non black background and they'd look awful.
This is a terrible trade from any angle, especially given how that pick has a very strong chance of being a lottery pick.
My friend got his iPhone 5 battery replaced and he's getting around 5 hours of screen time (estimation) , so it really isn't that bad.
Remastered !=hi red texture packs.
I think the cpu would bottleneck if you tried to crossfire.
Collect all items in the game, unlock all of the secrets and Endings (so one Mega Satan kill needed) minus The Lost and his 7 unlockable items
oops sorry, lost the thread chain &amp; thought you were replying to a different comment.
the "hey nadeshot i'm still better than you" vine probably has something to do with it
Pfffttttttt.. Do those even exist?
Didn't people already create "Jedi" as a religion?
You know the wrong sort of women.
Wizards confirmed this IIRC
It has a higher concentration of nerve endings.
I don't believe a single word, Bayern Munich was bidding 40m euros for Vidal, but Juventus declined and stated they value him at least 60m euros... a club who is hurrying to fund another transfer would have probably accepted or went into deeper negotiations
What sort of magical item *are* you looking for?
Not often we're blessed with cringe directly in the subreddit,
I call mine Thing One and Thing Two (from Dr Seuss), or, if I'm feeling a little aggressive, the Dogs of War...
I was hoping you'd say that, this is going on my short list.
Idk, they just did
No, the computer ***is*** the monitor!
There are certainly worse things to be addicted to
Than don't play it don't force yourself to like something you aren't interested in.
I wouldn't put an extractor in a driver like that
Dick Cheney ordered it
It means they are bored with their life and want to go to Macha Pechu, but don't have the funds or vacation days, but there is this new second hand store and coffee shop near Kensington market, then maybe after we can go to the park and meet up with Sheryl, she just broke up with that guy she was kinda seeing.
Must have been an oversight.
The Twitter integration should be a legitimate feature.
Why would you be concerned for the rights of women if gentlemen are tipping their fedoras to you?
All except the woman kinda pull it off
I'm Barack Obama, and I agree with his message.
Wall Street: profiting indirectly from human right abuse-dependent businesses since 1800s.
And he's on the RP, which obviously just makes everything worse.
We can dig it
For a second I was thinking by MET you meant Metropolitan Opera, and I was very confused.
That smug fucking face is adorable.
Store credit only bro.
Psycho Pass and Kill la Kill have been absent from my life for far too long.
Is the American demo out?
We should stop giving cracked any traffic.
I would rather set fire to the van and crash it into the club owner's living room than give him one damned nickel to get on his stage.
Glad you got a positive outlook on it.
But what about Kaseytron?
Yeah, it's dumb to run background checks on potential teachers.
come on guys, that's not fair
no stan lee cameo 1/10.
Beeg amerdican teetees
If you like strategic card games, go buy Citadel.
Someone should try it with a malamut.
Daaaang... she looks like a doll... I don't think my boss would approve of a TS background on the computer though...
As soon as India learns to not shit in the street.
You'd have to ask him.
Or, febreeze
Love this gif but that song is fucking horrible
Ah, a Reddit classic of Zappafication, couldn't be missing in this collection!
MATH IS HARD, BUT WE'VE GOT 6'6, 6'7, AND 6'8 IN THERE SO I ASSUME IT'S MORE LIKE STAMKOS.
It's a happy hop!
*splat*
Just make it an outpost and set trap, problem solved.
Hungover from celebration works just fine for me.
unfortunate event penguiin
I think this could be the solution to rape culture
Ever sat in a dark corner in a Detroit sex dungeon for 3 days?
An amateur without significant single-seater experience couldn't get a time within 10 seconds of an F1 driver.
Yep, if he can get away with this he can get away with anything
Command economies simply don't work; the example of the USSR demonstrated that well enough to anyone who was paying attention.
Morgana's auto-attacks scale with AD.
Meatballs
ITT: people saying they are muslim before starting a sentence.
You aren't hanging out with the right crowd it seems.
Except that the policies were in place well in advance.
lets not blame Israel and blame Hamas instead
It's really more pathetic than anything.
The lack of lols in her answer show that it isn't.
I don't know what you're going on about with "cheaper"
I don't think either has a chance.
The dog on the right is a Sheltie, and if the dog on the left is anything, it's a Border Collie
It's just a desperate attempt to win back votes, after the poll came out showing him 19 points behind the incumbent.
Read my PM.
so... Anaheim?
'Murrica
BUT I NEED IT FOR MY SELF CONFIDENCE
Fuuuuuuutuurre
HAW HAW HAW that bear is doing DRUGS!
If they actually filibustered, it might take less coke to stay awake.
Way to be mature man.
Why use burst when you can control your own burst fire by trigger mashing?
How is it possibly that his arms move twice as fast as his feet!
Paying for this explains why none of the older toll roads have ever ceased being toll roads for decades...
Clearly that whole part is wrong
... ay bby.
Rekt
I would say you won by a long shot.
Says the person who believes WW3 could never happen.
You just described this entire subreddit.
i believe they do international shipping plus you can easily find their stuff on rakuten
Took it to a whole new level with that one.
I check the time and tell my shadow to go look for a material that can can be fashioned into thread.
Honestly the lvl 9s don't bother me too much but I recently tried to work on using less trees as the villager and I consistently get rekt
There is no way that could possibly go wrong.
Guess they need to make money somehow.
This... this has to be some kind of psychological experiment of how much bullshit people will take before they say something.
Yeah but ISIS is totally going to get you
Not with that attitude it won't
There's a Subway *everywhere* :D
Sure, what are you offering?
haha sorry, just wanted to comment real quick to save the post
Don't worry that'll be quick and painless to resolve
I'd watch it.
Yes, there is a CTE directory in your my documents.
No shit?
I watched the first hangover...should I watch the other 2?
good job beating Vandy
The bots are so smart they're posting on reddit.
Not sure why you're being downvoted.
HAES am I right?
?
Or his forced "edgy" jokes about rape.
Don't you mean Ben 10 or Benjamin Franklin or Benji
Why would someone downvote this?
Because since it supports the church it's *obviously * propaganda.
It's basically scar tissue...
It's not the game you probably just suck.
but dude loot is more important than anything so of course people are mean just to get sb and not let you get sb
M'nun
Because men shouldn't learn anything about a woman's physiology past where her clitoris is, right?
By that logic, I think Reddit's coolest car would be a 2001 Oldsmobile Alero.
es soja 100% transgenica, no se que sucio neo-hippie que vive en El Bolson le puede gustar semejante mierda que provoca autismo...
Only if Braun let's me fuck her chest hole from her first suicide attempt
Do you still want it?
What a nice way to describe humans!
Ya, the book needed more Kung-Fu Legolas
Anti-GG is all about ending the objectification of women in the media.
Kid gets a magic *(golden)* ticket that sends him into his favorite action movie to live a fast-paced wild adventure [Last Action Hero]
They should've burned tires, thrown rocks, and lobbed firebombs...
That's part of the fun
Inside Sim Racing
But their trieing there best!
Inb4 France Joke
Good point - if he can turn my tap water into wine as it flows from the faucet, he can stay rent-free.
Mongolia would certainly make a difference.
~the onion
I have an idea, just trying to get the css working
which is always a good reason not to like something
Would have known how to spell if school started later
IMO the ending was extremely weak.
Pen and paper.
Everyone knows that link karma doesn't count
It's settled, I am getting a TV just for PC gaming.
yes, america is known to be totally strict with laws regarding weapons
Damn women and their big fingers
Yes, because WW1 was the very first war to have ever happened on Earth.
I think you mean Centre Back
Good point.
Yep,AmeriKKKa is literally a police state where injustice happens everywhere,and where the actions of a couple bored cops dictate every other cops' actions.
It comes with the back doors already installed for government and the reliability of windows explorer
it would be pretty dope if rose won, then people could discredit TWO mvp awards
It's about dust of appearance, which reveals invisible units.
But, op, if you don't help him complete his assessment on frued, how will he ever be able to study yuuung, parget, or mazlo?
It's, it's beautiful.
An apology can never hurt.
Better for them to starve and be homeless instead!
Right, because Brazil was the worst team in this tournament
T is the sexiest letter.
It rhymes with [[Peek]]
i got my own car
911 in other countries.
They'll wait to change his skills for his rework in the future.
Nah bro, ya see, if your car isn't loud enough to shatter windows then its a fuckin' piece of shit, bro.
Nice of him to stop for you so you could get a nice clear shot of his license plate!
legacy is dying so fast man....
It's okay, everything is permitted as long as you call it a prank
The only balanced news source on the Internet.
I do not like that either.
Like when he wasn't whitelisted?
But how will we feel about ourselves?
They didn't realize that dastardly Obama would make them do it!
FUCK JERRY RICE HE WASN'T EVEN THAT GOOD THE MAN WAS USING WALL HAX
Uh oh trigger warning!
And they are both the type of people we want there.
Oops for some reason I was thinking sparks from the blade, cuz that's a huge issue in a wood shop.
I don't even know her and she's dead to me.
As allways.
Yeah I mean the rest of Iraq is just made up of terrorists
Nice meme man!
It's not worth locking
Well you see, only gun murder is actually a problem, so you just make gun ownership illegal and then you don't have to outlaw murder, because the problem is solved.
Nope, you guys are clearly just down voting him because of the circle jerk.
nope they are immortal ITEMS
Cool, thanks man.
No, we can only talk about this bitch Sandy
GOP to counter by insisting Indians go back where they came from.
Bro, the spoiler adds like 15 hp.
More incentive for Giroud to play like shit again.
Maybe you were holding it wrong
Community fan as well?
Everyone knows if you say something on stream that's the truth.
I thought liquid nitrogen was standard by now
Man those 82 college games a year must be exhausting.
With the addition of a cinematic 30 fps!
Man I can't wait for all those episodes of the block!
But Israel built that wall for no reason and just wanted to make Gaza a prison so they could commit genocide against the Palestinians!
Yes because the Texas legislature is a valiant defender of 21th century progressive and secular values.
Poor education of underpriveleged youths?
English?
hai... Have't seen you back in a while, something wrong there?
You obviously don't know how to have fun.
Actually, I have three ears due to a genetic mutation
I'm not ready to count Kobe out of things yet :(
Because he probably didn't know who he was, so Dex *obviously* isn't good enough to warrant a 3rd round pick.
Another record broken by Moyes
Given that other judges decided that it's OK, it's all good.
Imagine how much safer that party would have been if every child had a gun.
Woah woah the PS4 gets 900p and 30 fps, almost 4k right there.
Why, I was wearing a skimpy t-shirt with the words 'please follow and harass me!'
Christ, who shat in your Wheaties?
Damn, just give it a month and you'll be a millionaire, OP!
The eye cant see when you use more than 128K ram
Typical Arsenal fan, always making every thread about Arsenal...
Lesbians just haven't been fucked by the right alfalfa yet.
Be careful not to get fired for questioning.
Because I didn't believe him lol
Bush sucked so hard, huh?
That should fix the economy
Okay.
Not according to OP's on reddit.
What a cute chain.
Who would have thought Brooks would get away with it eh?
Yeah, they'd probably just stomp on him, because we're so *dirty*.
So does it really work like it does on *Criminal Minds* where the FBI has to be "invited" by local law enforcement?
Gee, I wonder why?
Too soon, man, too soon...
Oh okay.
Lying scientists!
Be fair to the origanal dev, they had to do a find and replace!
Because pedestrians all walk at a consistent speed and behave in a predictable manner?
TYPICAL HEAT FAN
Can't wait for the big reveal that V is Ishida's grandfather!
shine bright like a .. DIAMOND
hahah one can only hope
Time to crimea the fuck out of Hong Kong ...
So does Putin.
So cool
Needs an
Yeah, fuck businesses for giving customers/investors as much information as possible.
Yeah but 770 comes with Daylight which is worth $89.99 according to Newegg, and they would never lie about the price of a gift.
Isn't she just Lily with different clothes and make up?
It might be a guy from save money, Joey purp, actually.
What a pityfull amount of compensation, oh wait its just some brownie...
I get "Rick Fox" every day.
The real question should be, what does Carter have to hide?
You'd think so but naaaaaahhhh.
Jewish goblins*
God no...
Damn 281ers...
So we can expect 3rd anuxi chest update ?
They are killing themselves anyway with drugs, so why not just help em speed it up
40 degrees is t-shirt weather dude slightly
So basically rich people are not only rich people, they are better people.
Wtf...
I'm sure this Somali tribesman pirate fanatic will see the error of his ways and be rehabilitated into a productive member of society.
Boy am I looking forward to be moving to Bournemouth in September
Yeah fuck small businesses as long as gotvapes is up and running
When I get in a plane I sure hope that everyone that built and worked on it went to bible school and sang songs with their hands in the air all day.
Air Tech Challenge service?
i got smores for later bb
Drunk women are the best
Bath?
Just like a woman to not think beyond herself.
1 si | 1 no.
You're right, plus every single copy of the original game in existence is destroyed when a remake is created so we don't want to run the risk of having a new game ruin the old one for everyone else
Yayy, I love living in Illinois!
Bad wolf
Ammonia is quite a drug...
groundbreaking stuff, time.......
My finger muscles are extremely strong from all this typing, I could take down Mike Tyson in his prime!
Wow, such sportsmanship
Because a thinly veiled "I want to rape you" is always a compliment!
Chivers are the epitome of classy people.
As we all know, only that very specific subset of the population owns guns.
Naw it's funny when a TSM member or Doublelift trash-talk.
What about the womenzz?
Lower Earth Orbit?
It's funny because women don't know how to use logic.
A user-supported categorization system has never gone wrong before
The show is mankind's gift to the world
I just long to live in a world made up 100% Science and scientists.
You're right, I'd go ahead and try to murder them, of course.
Silly, it's only racist if it's about white _men_.
You've come to the wrong place, human
But *not* meddling in our lives is un-Liberal!
I don't see what all the big fuss is about... My work mandated internet explorer handles everything fine...
Did you know Jimmy Graham used to play basketball?
Brixton, Hackney and Peckham are all beautiful, definitely worth going to, especially if you are rich and like to show off your money...
Maybe they should have a tutorial on avoiding desync, since it's apparently accepted as a part of the game now.
Yeah, but they got free merch out of it!
Yeah, that's definitely how you should read into that statement.
Yup, holding a sign is soooo much more effective
Well when your measuring stick of a QB is Brady Quinn, how could anyone measure up?
Tell that to the crack babies
So you're saying that the bible disproves global warming?
But he is a special snowflake who is perfect in his own little way.
Because medicine and healthcare are for profit in America, the needs of the people are irrelevant as long as they make money.
mfw campur
Giggidy
Tom Cruise
Anyone still here?
I can already see this as a Robot Chicken sketch.
Reminds me of Peruna from One Piece
Feminism backfiring on itself.
Hartline shouldn't even be drafted in standard leagues.
The same could be said of Fitzgerald...
so I can't use, Nick Diaz, Lyoto Machida, Daniel Cormier, Liz Carmouche, Nate Diaz, or Fabricio Werdum?
Obviously it was doing something or they wouldn't have done it.
omg seriously can you not seriously like really
Add faking evidence to deny said allegations and we've got a jackpot.
Anyone who confuses his show with news is in a dire state.
The ABC is reporting the exact same story, albeit with more story and pictures.
Well, he just became a liberal to his fans.
Making people develop gunshot wounds still counts as a development aid project, doesn't it?
There goes all australian nascar fans, ill try hang in there, its been fun.
Sweden still gets a silver even without a Sedin?
Trying to escape?
Banana for scale.
You can always put some interesting instruments( like kazoo and soundscapes) to make it sound different and whenever you feel confident with a scale replace the metronome for drums.
DAE fedoras and neckbeards suck?!?!
Yeah OP probably would have gotten it that day.
Star bits.
Like a date " No lol, get chocolate or see a movie" Yes, because neither of those things constitute a date.
To the pub, have a pint, and wait for the whole thing to blow over
Carl Lewis is really nice in person
pushblock is a solid option for MB Trident Rush on block.
Since when?
I think Handlock and maybe Control Warrior would be either dead or considerably weaker, Rogue is kind of in the same spot as right now, Zoo and Hunter get weaker, Druid, Priest and Mage are weaker, but not as much as other decks, Muster Paladin becomes pretty bad and Shaman...well, we don't see much of them anyway, do we?
This whole conversation is coming across as kinda gay.
That's how it should work in the first place.
This
The Christmas truce of 1914
Where'd you get this stat?
Trend leads to more options.
But only neck beard MRAs send death threats on the internet!
It's like men no longer know how to act like men.
Sitting in a cell for a few weeks/months/years is known to be an effective treatment for everything from drug addiction to mental illness.
BiS pants are probably ashearas, so no room for blackthornes there
Yes, soon to be copy of highly efficient Gujroit bureaucracy!
I miss the era when fat guy rock was in
Can I contribute my $1 to the giveaway by sending it to you (if you can do such a thing)
Front sight is god.
I would... but those uneven top and bottom bezels just wouldn't fly.
More than reasonable than
There's a chance APQ8084 could launch earlier but based upon the leaked Sony Sirius specs, it's not happening for MWC.
DAE feel bad about something?
Am I the only asking what newspaper prints, "Jacking Off" ?
came here to post this...its by the small barn
The website is partially down, WE DID IT REDDIT !
Argentinian, I'm pretty sure anal is pretty much anal in any Romance language.
I would agree
I could be wrong, but I'm not sure that the church has said that it's previous policy on the priesthood was wrong, just that the Lord revealed that it was OK now for every male member to hold the priesthood.
You touched them last.
MA THE MEATLOAF!
couldn't cut it with your shitty submission... why not post it again?
Oh sweet, you found my new wallpaper.
yup, the future lies in the japanese sex doll robot industry.
If enough ppl would counter-argue, then there would be enough ppl to upvote, dont make this out as if there arent enough ppl representing the opposite opinion.
Exactly.
*DAMN commie Article 8, bro.
Training Day: Thai Edition
If you're running windows, you need to have the `C:\PythonXX\Scripts\` directory on your path, or the equivalent for your OS.
I'm a total geek, complete with Diploma, and I love building computers.
Communists
annnnnd... resets.
Thank you for proving my point.
Maybe he should first try being the aam aadmis best friend.
They're not like, super super, but they are kinda super.. Well, they're kinda super-ish.. ;)
For science, I bet.
Yeah, it looks like Jeff sandbagged Farooq here.
Where are the flotillas to Syria?
I am a clinically diagnosed major depressive, I tend to reflexively eat as a coping mechanism, call it weak willed if you will but most of the time when I go into a depressive slump (Before I was medicated) I would eat without even thinking about it till I was already halfway done with the meal / snack, I am still struggling to lose weight.
This guy really honestly seems like he's the one that hates being black, and feels like shit, and is blaming white people for it.
Mars of Destruction
Get a palanquin, you pleb.
Jennifer Lawpez
They fight alongside US Marines?
Nah, most of my brown people assume everyone's chinese... El Chino...
Buck the Fuckeyes!
This website is full of hipsters so you can't really expect any different.
Glasshouses.
How many cops does it take to kill a mentally ill homeless man?
Everything in the 90s was so edgy, even things for kids....such as the neo-noir "Batman&amp; Robin" by Joel Schumacher compared to thegoofy, camp extravaganza known as "The Dark Knight."
Tits, or gtfo?
I bet that faggot likes to kiss girls.
Men are more likely to use more deadly methods (guns, for example), women more likely to use pills and the like that have a higher chance of failing/longer to die (more time to get help).
Do you mind if I ask what schools said that?
Probably because its cheaper to fly to Dallas than buy a ticket in this new stadium.
I think we just found our next head of Homeland Security.
Hadn't occurred to me that that would spoof a new ISP.
No worries, good luck!
This is all just another ruse to duck Pacquiao again
Obviously a troll.
Isn't that what all DJs do?
Everyone is saying corruption but when my house was too close to the crimson it told me that the area was corrupt, when OP is claiming it sais Not valid.
Hopefully, space travel will always be prohibitively expensive for most people if we have to rely on chemical rockets.
You need to petition the local authorities to put up signs everywhere, I'm sure that will fix the problem.
Absolutely there's nothing social about local multi-player at all.
Well the OSCE says the opposite.
Dang diddly doodly
Well... well your readings are wrong!!
You are using human terms to describe animals... Because humans aren't animals too or anything
Holy hell, that looks absolutely badass!
I don't really cope with it, it can drive me close to going mad at times (or just outright going mad)
Next they'll be asking if they can be emailed for every hit, and if it can be linked to a call center / support group so they can provide live in person assistance.
Meh, no different than your IRL typical backyard puppy mills.
how is that NSFW it's just 2 gloves!
Banana fana fo felly!
Because DeBeers.
This reminds me of the black Wii
Oh, hey, what was this season's title again?
They're going to die anyways, what does it matter if they suffer and are treated horribly?
Yeah, let's just stop supporting teams that can't win against koreans, fuck these scrubs in the lcs.
No it's faster to completely stop the entire game and assess a delay warning....
Hot and sour soup as well!
Stop throwing shade; you're appropriating catty gay man culture!
Can't we stop using "Bits" for this purpose now?
The fact that he ever liked the Big Bang Theory tells me all I need to know
I'm enjoying your gifs.
sex ed
We should create a worldwide organization, let's call it Antitheism International :)
OH MY GOD REMOVE JEW REMOVE JEW YUO ARE OF WUORST SEMITIC
No but the students paid for everything so shouldn't they ultimately decide what they can and cannot do?
Neither had I but honestly that's a great tip to remember, just in case and regardless of the situation.
Haywood Airlines?
The Dictator
My kid is an honor student at [elementary school]
I want to purchase a hurdy gurdy, stand on a pier in Halifax, and sing shanties with you.
You mean the newest generation of cards are beating the last generation *gasp in awe*
maybe someday you too will be good enough to put meteor mash on deoxys-a and life orbs on everything
your car wont start because it ran out of headlight fluid :(((
Avengers 7: Mission To Moscow
this study brought to you by the preschool association.
Faake, crystal doesn't drop gumballs.
Hell you'd be able to do that with a chrome extension, I'm actually interested in doing that xD
and yet, people still feel as if they "own" those houses.
You have too much time on your hands.
I think he bought her one
Good coffee is damn tasty
Reading the prose of your headline can't say I am shocked you graduated Oklahoma public school.
He is black, but he is brainwashed by the patriarchs, his right must be defended by us, the mighty SJC.
You are the 1%
I have that same Spongebob plush!
cuz Alliance reads reddit atm
Injury.
Scumbag coaster - gives false sense of security, water still pools up and runs off of it because it's not absorbent.
They tried wearing those identification bracelets, but the Justice Department took them away.
Female here: there is no shame in this or other "girly" things that men partake in.
RIP headphone users.
Or it could mean that if the company is doing something you don't love, you should be talking to management to change that.
wat
Too bad they didn't get Brad in on this!
Yes my white brother, wouldn't it be great if those blacks, muslims, and government we don't like just stopped existing?
Basically Nazis are for the rights of the German People and anti Nazis are against that for some reason.
Stargate.
I couldn't imagine why
Yeah... they shouldn't have put that base in after they built 4$.
Yeah but it's a man; men are strong enough to prevent themselves from being raped.
I believe it is a torque measurement in Newton Miles, actually.
Er, noxious?
There should be a box saying "most people can't lose weight don't you know"
They should call themselves the LA Kiss after the best football team ever
You forgot this
Such great parenting tips in the comments!
Wow - are there current pictures of it?
Yeah, because forcing them not to kill innocent people is so disrespectful.
Because if we can just keep people focused on what women *look* like, they won't be able to affect the world with their crazy "equality" nonsense!
Not sure why you got downvoted but that was a good question and he probably did try.
Nothing can do, cat is cat.
You clearly don't understand the pain of muh feelings fat people go through and how it hurts way more than being physically butchered you thin privileged twat.
Oh well I suppose, I mean maybe it was that, who knows
You have just internalized the racism
But triflin hoes always been triflin
wave at me when you land on the moon
Cause then you're a fag.
Can you be more general?
In that case you can't possible be a right winger.
Misogynist.
Cept when we did it we were classy
I bet work was hell for you.
Tony probably paid for this to distract from the budget though...
Wait, I thought the "women only marry up" thing was a myth?
That was the best argument I've heard all day
Ofcourse you are.
Should have faked cheese and gone heavy macro
man he's so sweet wow i love kai
That wasn't enough when we're all dead.
Why would you even want to use it if you could?
Well she's just a model AND a woman so any harm done to her isn't important.
I definitely don't agree with her politics, but she is possessed of a powerful intellect from what I've seen.
standing ovation while shitting lava = holy crap .
let's all move to the poorest country in Europe because of their domestic internet speeds
Always nice to end a vid with a crash, even better if it is in 3rd person.
And getting US citizenship is like getting a gold... In the Special Olympics.
So much better
Lets not turn this into a mens rights discussion, we all know no one wants that
I believe people that disagree with me shouldn't get to vote.
yeah she only has tits man
Ancient bottle opener
Satan helped him to tempt him off the righteous path.
that's cuz op is a loser
Kim Kardashian because she is the goddess of hollywood.
With an ally like that who needs terrorists?
SDPD "accused" of doing their job.
nice meme
They make a lot more money in a lot shorter of a time period then these would.
What kind of name is shady-nasty?
Yeah, that's *definitely* not desync, because Pohx didn't clearly show us the replay of him dying when he wasn't even inside the Flameblast circle.
Worked for them in the west bank.
That still sounds like work I'd have to do.
You see what tenure lets teachers get away with!
EG's a garbage team.
Keep that White Knight attitude it looks great on you.
Kids today have it too easy though
A waste of money edition because the eye can't see beyond 1080p
can't be Karma, mb Nami, but it's like 90% sure morgana
Nah, nothing at all creepy about impromptu, unauthorized, amateur brain surgery... :P
This is fucked.
does he play djent
gawd you ladies are so picky, this is the reason why so many guys are frustrated and lovesick
Obviously country with an army as moral as the IDF would have such a moral police force.
wow u suck
No the answer is obviously me
That dude sure knows how to treat women with respect
he was cheating at lan in a grand finals and realized that he was being blatant so he tried to play it off by not shooting and making it look like something was wrong with his game.
guys it's clearly big room house see it's obvious
Can't wait to research that.
Well how else are you gonna watercool your HDMI port?
another hr for darno, ho hum.
Yeah hilarious
The important thing to realize here is that it represents absolutely no harm to fruits or vegetables.
You should be grateful for having at least one person with taste in music in the car
What would constitute proof?
Mods ban him, ban him now
Achievement Unlocked: Made Creep cut off his penis.
I love this part "He hid his truck in the garage" Yeah this guy was pretty sneaky.
I can't wait to see micro-transactions for depth perception.
It's not racist, the OP said he's black, so it's okay.
the golden age of capitalism is happening again!
Nah Vettel did it all by himself, it wasn't the tires or Newey, he's just *that* much better than the drivers in those teams.
Nothing says USA like a German car...
because the mere fact that something even exists means it should be added to the game.
You can't be racist to white people Kappa
Oh yeah, why don't you come over here and say that to my 6970's faces, tough man!
i wounder when this sort of stuff gets to the same point as "humour" about hitting women because thats totally socially acceptable
I too miss the days when we could send the religious to torture camps because of atheism...
They should just, you know, stop being so poor and unskilled!
Such a peaceful religion....
Alleged!
Cos that couldn't mean he'd be from Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg or Liechtenstein
That's like... so deep man!
IGN
obviously
Just get a PS4 it has a TitanZ in it.
I sure miss segregation and slavery too, gamgam.
We should stop complaining about feminists online and should go out and actually address problems that affect men.
I cant see how a female would have a less difficult time using that water cooler
I see no way that this could go wrong
Wow, I have *never* heard **that** joke before.
Thanks for the heads up, but I don't care what people on an online forum think about me.
Well that's very uplifting.
I was thinking about BB guns, you perv!
With sandpaper maybe?
Way to put the most generic Flume tracks.
Stop messing with me by not ever once talking to me
PM'd
I suspect they would have to pay again for each country they wanted to show it in.
Yes that would be so much harder to get what he wanted if you stood up for it.
Yeah you're not fat anymore but you still kinda look like a queer i dunno
To be fair that poorly advised dive was a plot by Zuna to throw the game!
After Elops kills MS I bet it turns out he is Torvalds secret twin brother.
I was thinking more like CIA experiments but I would love to know if Clinton actually had sexual relations with that women
Needs more cars.
Ugh, didn't you know you were obligated to reply to him the second he messaged?
Can't tell if
I'm going with the dude sitting in his mom's basement eating cheetos...
In America, that translates to: "Lick me."
Probably the huge soccer ball in the middle of it
Totally the best Sanic game ever
Funny... but what's up with all the penises?
actually, it's *JPN,* or so I have been told last time I got yelled at for saying "jap"
What a catchy tune!
Yeah, fuck that person for having preferences!
Yeah, that's what it is.
Their videos have been a little long lately...
I know right, I heard about it like 2 days ago, I can't believe everyone in the world doesn't already know.
farmers are horrible we should regulate every tiny detail of their operation because we obviously know how to do their job much better than they do
haha yea because they are all geeky virgin losers....
And then proceed to remember nothing and fail.
Naw man, that's totally offensive to Space-Native Americans.
be honest, they are rota slipstream replicas
Because KejrU is the only dishonest politician ever
Um, what?
Stashes are p2w, this is part of the plan.
#YOU MOTHER FUCKER
Awww shucks!
Well it's either this or Autism!
Spike Lee
Must have been imbued with a vaccine or something
Mr 'IWillFapToThisNow' is indeed the smartest man i know.
Are you telling me that picking up a phone that was already logged in isn't hacking?
It means he's a Muslim, commie terrorist who wants to force us to have healthcare and gay marriages.
Well , I'm sure there are two sides to this...
Right..... that's a safe roof conversion to building regulations
Oh ok then
It's open to everyone...
Utah?
I'm sure the RIAA will be taking immediate action to fight this blatant IP theft.
Most music faculties that offer a doctorate of music interpretation will offer harpsichord.
I don't know, looks kinda unrealistic...
Well, children never lie.
There's always next year!
Thanks Obama!
All hail trickle down economics!
Yeah man fuck laptops for that exact reason too.
Wow, that's amazing
Fuck you, and fuck your opinions.
That's just because us Americans are *clearly* the best baseball payers in the world, so the best team in MLB is *clearly* the best in the world.
Hahahahhahaha, hilarious!
Yes, that's how Brood War was so well designed.. from player input
when im on a team and their sentence begins with an upside down question mark, i just know we're gonna win
Yep, and that's why we have this *plague* of children being killed by burglars.
I thought being the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, you *had* to run the Tampa 2 all of the time.
yeah that 0.1 ap ratio change...80 less damage late game so impactful
Drop the hammer on Ohio State.
What's dominion?
Ha what, like anybody would actually tailor a gift around your personality and interests?
Pft, I know you're lying because Brad Wardell said people in the industry are 75% pro-Gamergate and I know he's too ethical to lie.
This event actually has quite a low mean time to happen (18 months), but the trigger requirements are pretty strict: The country that gets the event (in this case, Nogai), must have: * 3 stability * 100 ducats * be a monarchy * not be in regency and your country must: * share dynasty * be a monarchy * -3 stability * not be personal union senior or junior with the former after all that, there's only a chance that they'll select the option that gives you this event.
Ever since this sub went mainstream, 95% of the sub has become white.
Arcades haven't died out, they're just not nearly as numerous as they used to be.
I'm glad we could move past it bro, have a good day
Yeah as AntiMe said, this was the pan that won the showdown at Cook's Illustrated which is what put me over the edge on buying it.
Ah nice
Why is a boat in a lake worth 55 points?
~~iPhone 2G's didn't have cameras.~~ Oops.
Maybe you'll be better at this one than planetside :3
She has a fetish
Crazy, right?
mixology?
Only Korea.
He has also never managed in the Premier League
PARADOX you truth telling son of a bitch!
HEAD LIT HOT LOCK POPPIN' OFF THE FUCKIN' BLOCK
Look how well it's worked in California.
Done.
She actually lives in Lavaridge to bake all her potatoes.
ZHM
Same goes for BSNL.
Visiting that site makes me feel like I time traveled.
Give me an oscilloscope, a USB soundcard and 2 weeks.
Charity, probably.
Well... You're not wrong.
Used them as their pawns.
Si no me tocan el pito no pago!
They're programed and mind controlled.. quick someone post that to conspiracy!
The mods are useless
You've got an open invite to come play here, we could always use goalies at our meet ups haha.
Ew, get out.
Don't Dead Open Inside.
Post can also be titled: The reasons Christian Bale will have horrible health problems in 10 years (aside from the herniated disk he's already suffered).
Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors
So mad they got Picked for the big
It doesn't build up.
This is a popular opinion puffin meme in disguise.
Hope he's behind seven proxies
I don't even know what this means...
I didn't know that goths were a race..
Helped me debug my parent's PCs remotly for years now
It's because anything that an hcf player says must be wrong, and commits erape everyday in their moms basement while ddosing anyone!
No but a giant flying sausage with Christoph Waltz's face on it would be.
It wasn't always violence, but Turco was the pioneer of being a bullshit goalie.
Yeah we're getting fucked 5 years in a row now, it's getting old.
it hates white's actually, turns them all black... just like its heart.
Wait, you mean there's more than just the president?
I like this version better.
It is also the federal money that gets put in the state coffers when they reach certain goals on CS payments.
Third wave feminists are the people who cut off the last couple minutes of the show you DVRed right?
I'm almost certain I already saw this mock up?
I live there, so I'd forgotten this was weird until now.
Roses are red Reddit is too addictive I'm French Baguette
You're already doing better than like 80% of most Christians then!
I love the WKUK
Goddamn the Star Bolt is fucking pretty, even when I had my Sporty I still had my eye on the Bolt.
Because it sucks
But if you don't do everything exactly my way then you're wrong and inferior.
Manmohan was better.
This proves that the xbone has the power of 69 Titans
You da real mvp
Up until tonight, most of us didn't either.
Hobbes just wants to go outside and play some Calvin Ball.
Biceps is always with you
If you're Young Labor Left, you've got to be asking yourself why you haven't just switched across to the Greens.
I really hate the people in this sub sometimes.
I would would quit my job to give myself the time to spend at the gym while paying Lou Ferrigno to scare my out-of-shape self into competition-level fitness.
Tipping role Print Lego Pi Religion.ppt
There is a crew roster in the sidebar.
So basically CAS will still punish you, but will have 3 UEFA members do it.
The Dayton Dragons (AA) and Louisville Bats (AAA) are really close to the Reds.
Is that a fucking giggle and hoot (Hootabelle) cake fuck that show is awesome
Nah I just don't want to have to scroll through a bunch of fucking opinions.
How many league games do you have with the new system?
It's a tough job but some lady has got to do it.
Isn't that the guy from "Out Cold"?
Yes but would you rate the girl 9/10?
I can only imagine the awkward situations this would create.
For people who say they hate generalizations, they sure love to make generalizations.
except the people i see with like 2k games played at gold when i smurf.
He's waiting for the tabloid's check to clear, and his expedited visa to come in the ~~male~~ mail.
We have several in Louisville area too.
Yeah, it's why the show is getting kinda boring.
Don't worry, as a successful chemist you'll probably be the richest member of your family and will have all of them kissing your ass.
I am LOD too
christ lol
Then you should listen to more hip hop.
never heard of it
Thanks for the reply!
600p... lol
I like the infrared better than the silver ones coming out.
great reply, really disproves my point!
mmmm raw meat
Ammo can, BBs, speed loader
This opinion was posted by a woman no doubt.
God I hate stalkers...
You're thanking him for wearing some clothing?
...yes, I'm the one blowing something out of proportion in this thread
That corruption and independence are two separate and unrelated issues with two entirely separate and independent arguments underpinning them?
Didn't even notice I was replying to the same pres, either way we're right and anyone who thinks any different just hasn't figured it out yet.jk
Koreans praising the foreign team with the most koreans on it, what a surprise
Racism exists if it entails discrimination against any color of skin.
It's less out of thin air and more replication of what was there, but if you're considering him a divine being the whole thin air thing really doesn't matter as much as the feeding people part.
THEY DONT THINK BE LIKE #IT IS, BUT DO
If Chael had just taken Alpha Brain, he'd be the champ in two weight classes by now.
You mean these AREN'T the TEST internal forums?
one of my 2k players usage rates was 110%...I know you guys care
Mike Smith is alright but a few losing seasons and he's done
You don't understand we need that karma
You mean to charge it using "wave" technology.
I don't understand why they are protesting...they agreed to all of this by virtue of the social contract.
It's all this Patriacrchy^TM that's bringing them down.
Y'all need to read "harry potter and the methods of rationality"
Named my Graphite "Can't AWP Won't Stop"
He already made this joke, be more original
Yeah I'm with you, screw Rockstar for still delaying heist and instead rewarding us with constant freezing.
He's being
totally the best kind of people you could ever accept
Great advice for someone just starting out that didn't even know about elective mode.
I can see this going either way...
Yes, it totally is.
That 64MB drive can hold, like, a dozen high quality MP3s!
I'm sure someone will be prosecuted for this.
Until we hit some sort of crisis where luddite thinking becomes very popular, then many rivers will run with sparks!
instant karma
It pains me greatly to say this, but that was pretty damn impressive.
But this image macro is supposed to have one line.
The ones in Japan are really special.
So what you're saying is your opinion is meaningless in this occasion
The thing is, while speeds like that would be nice, even those who do get them are missing out on the benefits we all would have seen under a proper NBN - services like telehealth, for instance, won't develop if only a small portion of the population have decent internet.
Yeah, this guy would *hate* to be identified and confronted.
But dat settings menu do
Yea, rather have a cop bitten on duty and save the dog!
Harbaugh must have given Trestman some solid coaching tips after our game.
Just rehash all of the questions that he answered and give him deja vu.
Party City has it for kinda cheap
There was some crime somewhere sometime today?
But the ultimate feeling is sobbing *while* fucking
What are browser tabs?
Wow this joke is original and funny
Imagine each of you could run a cult, what would be the name and what beliefs would your cult have?
And they say the Germans are efficient.
Hopefully Wellington Airport management will be on the panel to select the best submissions.
Disregard defense, acquire wingers = PROFIT!
Hekt
Especially crony capitalists and companies like IBM
Don't be a douche.
In West America, 80 winters are pleasantly cold.
Crireria for asian porn actress: must Act like a girl getting raped.
You're right, CEOs don't make decisions that can make or lose the company millions of dollars
I believe that status bar comes with the theme "Solstice"
Them raging on the air will be much better.
Ah the classic PICNIP error (problem in chair, not in... plane)
Only seems to work for US phones right now :(
I like this, I think I'll try to translate it (it'll probably take me a few days).
High fertility obviously causes high divorce rates, duh.
or keep a pipe in the trunk, but also keep some fittings and a hard hat then you can say you're an amateur plumber to defend your road rage
Realizing that there are people in high school born after 9/11 really makes me feel god damned old!
well that right here isnt one, we get a shrine and it feels like it doesn't help at all, placebo effect would be that we pick up a shrine get a buff icon, but it doesn't do anything but people will still say "wow thats one useful shrine"
Yup.
Because there are no Ubis**t games on Steam, right?
Iam sure these firms have a grrrrrrreat budget for their IT departments to audit their security often enoiugh tocatch these vulnerabilities
Cameron!
It says right in the title.
Because every woman and most men in the US have never seen breast before...
I don't think their fan knows photoshop.
I like this idea.
Her MacBake needs more RAM.
Killing people for revenge is always a good logical idea, especially when there isn't even evidence they did it..
I think he meant
b bu but it dun have le 8gb gddr5 and cinematic 30 fps of ps4
No they're totally hints to future items, my brother works for mojang
No, they are mexican.
He's ginger, he has no soul.
I have never seen a scenario where someone saying "hi little buddy" didn't seem creepy, or in the least awkward as hell...
do you have some examples of what youre talking about?
Because history has shown this to be the case...
obviously imaqtpie, his laid back personality without raging in solo q and making everything a joke while being hilarious
^abc NEWS ^THE STATE ^OF THE UNION
THE COSMIC KEY IS GOING TO OPEN A DOOR WITCH CONTAINS ALL THE BEST WRESTLERS IN THEIR PRIME AND CM PUNK IS GONNA cOME IN AND HES GONNA THROW MICS AT EVERYONE AND CALL THEM PIPE BOMBS AND THEN IM GONNA GO KILL MYSELF CAUSE HE GETS TO FUCK AJ LEE AND I DONT...
These groups must know Gods true opinion then, since they're peaceful
Now why would someone lie to promote their faith...
No because blacks can't be racist against whites.
Welcome to Meta.
oh lawd
I forgot to add porn.
Have to think before you can drink
Or ends up killing a bunch of hajis.. or fellow soldiers, either way.. someone dies.
Go fuck yourself!
Nooo remember, it's only feminists he doesnt like
Don't you mean Khaleesi?
Noob scrub l2p ColemanA.
It's all Tumblr's fault women don't appreciate chocolate-hazelnut seduction.
I don't know, it's basically a Bogardan Hellkite that can't die to Path to Exile.
shades of Lucas Moura :(
Aun sin confirmar por mi parte pero hay muchos tweets de este estilo: "URGENTE Una de las ambulancias usadas dice SIMA A-35, dentro viajan Tupamaros armados #SanCristobal 11/03/2014 Hora: 12:16 am"
No, it would be too difficult to remember when standing a round.
That makes it perfectly okay then
Why store files locally when you can stream?
jk, senpai, notice me
You obviously dont understand if you dont play games on PC then the game is shit, no exceptions
Isn't naked, 4/10 inaccurate
That totally would come from nowhere
Shell velocity buff and maybe a bit of transverse increase would be nice
Exactly...because having more than three people in a home presents the exact same fire hazard and potential for nuisance to neighbors as 49 people in a home.
Really going out on a limb with that statement.
You forgot
Shit, really...?
He can wait a few years and sign with Seattle
Because the cast of UY knows all about safety
You are a hoe.
So no shit there I was with one too many shots in my system...
Any new show should make you excited if you're a true, true, true, ultra true, true, uber nasty true toonami fan...
Nintendo first party games.
Probably because he's buying expensive seats behind home plate instead of season tickets in the Left Field Pavillion
I know, the liberal state of New York is trying that right now, how ridiculous!
The burn tells you it's working.
Well, it is *his*tory not herstory.
Brought to 0... I did my duty for the day.
Haven't you heard of Ash Linux?
Don't worry guys, I'm sure most Runescape players are informed and competent in the decisions they make in PttP.
where's the "add to basket button"
Yeah, dumb dude doesn't even know how to properly rescue a fox in shock...
But the USA has the is the best at everything, didn't you know that?
will this help me lose weight
But that's different because Maru is Terran
Yeah, amazon has no online services at all!
At least they will never ask you for your FULL password.
As has been our custom for the last 4000 years, we welcome them with open arms.
Don't tell them that now no one will take UT.
I'm not quite sure, but I think that that's a different model, sorry.
His "I'm right because I'm annoying enough to be acknowledged by the organization that I leaked information about" argument is so solid though
Don't thank Portugal, thank Obama!
But, the third term!
Makes a lot of sense...
Oh I *totally* love you too
TBH anyone who is still using TinyPic is in no rush to push progression!
Woah woah, what's the fact that he's a minority got to do with this?
Well the person you're responding to didn't tell us to google anything.
Yeah I'm glad our second liners (based on current production levels) got an elite, all star raise.
I know it's a joke, but no.
Because bombing people/countries back to the stone age is always the solution.
Obamacare.
Yeah and kiddie fiddlers get sent to jail for simply taking their wang for a walk in a unique neighbourhood.
Yeah, let's just make every android phone the same, that will be great
Thank you for such sound advice!
Ya he's pretty much raping her
I feel like we need more spears.
this is the smartest ting ive ever heard
you clearly aren't going to the right colloquia.
Fucking asians, always the same.
Unlike FaceBook.
Just go to any park of public school, since that seems to be acceptable now.
It's a ***relationship***, not a religion.
But everything is OP except what I use !
Maybe if you didn't get Extra Extra Extra cheese you wouldn't need the gym.
But it's ultimately YOUR fault for vaccinating them!
When I think of fair and balanced news and comments regarding politics this is the first sub that comes to mind.
Wow an ad homenim attack, you bruised my ego so much.
Nah, I'm sure HTC/Apple/Nokia/Motorola didn't want to part with the $650 to see what was under the hood.
Well with all the money he saved in taxes, he will have plenty to spend and improve the economy!
So private contractor then huh?
How many Allied POWs returned to countries the Japanese or Germans held them captive in?
Reddit wants to keep the support down
Yes, they should have chained him to his chair.
Yeah, because parents never ask questions of their children that they already know the answer to.
As an Aussie, I reluctantly agree.
Certainly you are more qualified in war matters than entire military staff of South Korea.
But that doesn't help the shareholders!
The one who abused his anorexic girlfriend so she'll stay thin.
so glad we can all express our opinions here without being downvoted into oblivion
Because 'MERICA.
Fairy Tale Adventure - Amiga
But remember, if Apple does it it's bad; if it's done against Apple it's good.
You're right Howard should've won it.
Well how else are y'all supposed to change if we don't shame you into conforming?
I wish there were even *less* photos in that 'article'
Sounds like most presidencies, so I'd say we're doing fine!
Glorious Nippon will never do wrong!
yea but it's not EXACTLY the smae so we MUST asssume the worst...
FOR THE LOVE OF SHIBE SELL EVERYTHING YOU HAVE
But they're not racist themselves, they are just racist defenders!
because obama fixed everything.
No, versebot is a *real* Christian.
get that filth outha here - this is a family channel
Um.. yea.. this is normal.
Then let's require all photography be edited by a professional
1500 iirc
Honestly, I don't think he needed the beer, he just wanted another one.
Because 90% of techies players suck and make the game a 4v6.
Are you an adult or still a teenager?
I am the hooker.
sounds like a keeper.
It was a cycle lane one side and then a footpath on the other side of a painted divide.
Beside that, they still show a few scene of World War II's dogfights to keep a fraction semblance of history.
I feel like I should have this sewn on a pillow.
A bunch of lines!
Check your privilege!
It's not bestiality because I don't consider anyone ok with this as human.
Literally no more than a square centimeter of peel.
Ah yes, the typical Cowen style of play that us Sens fans love so much
...for keeping this a secret for so long.
Never tried it, with this said ill give it a spin right now
At least you only left out one character.
To be honest, most of these problems your suggesting are also present in capitalistic societies.
All hail 24 hour fitness and the late night/early morning workouts!
Frame global political issues in an American political context.
*cock cock*
Conversation and phone calls.
Fuck yeah it does.
Have you played pm mario?
Just like when Jordan occupied the west bank in 1948?
It may interest you to know that Ron Paul appeared often on Alex Jones back in the day.
the amusing thing is BV often considers himself a social justice warrior lol
What a coincidence, I do the same with memes like this.
Or give us a unlimited garage storage for 1.5 million dollars.
You didn't ask her out, she's totally fair game.
Get yourself a Truck stop guide as well.
Way to be honest.
I'd suggest to put in the the one about the Emperors New Groove too, that's quite a good one.
and jordi?
Visually inferior
uninstall those cheats....
It's brilliant if you can't find that lot's toilet.
thanks for the downvote without reply, coward
Blasphemous!
Good job answering the question.
Except for the fact that they never explained why all the civilizations they met spoke English...
Careful, they ban you if you disagree with them in any way shape or form, in any subreddit you filthy beta.
Like.... Louisiana to Montana?
Guess so
Alright then
Hope so.
OP wanted to discredit the article before we even read it, apparently.
How many jumpers could a rope jump if a rope could jump jumpers?
I thought they were tumours.
So let me get this right: If someone goes into a school and takes a little girl hostage, holding her in front of himself as a human shield, then according to you the right thing to do is for the police to shoot the girl in the face.
I'd show her my "third eye", if you know what I mean.
Yes it does.
Somewhere in the woods.
let me guess, you're in Nigeria, you want to use Western Union, and you are not available for teleconferencing.
You know you could say the same thing about everything **tourist** that comes from a rich country.
The funny part is that it took two of those brain dead hacks to write the piece.
Then when they left, he said "bye bye bye."
Jenny McCarthy advertises for them - better than vaccines - amirite?
Hey mech bro, can u let me know if the they go on sale so that I don't forget and miss it.
The crux of the argument is that adding more laws for people to abide with, won't impact the criminal use of firearms.
Man, that 9 year old must be xFaDeD
Only if you aren't rich and white.
Well you have to take risks, if you didn't have to worry about getting taken out and could one shot everything it would be banned.
Atheism ramen is best ramen.
Is Jeffery Gurian a Martin Short character like Jiminy Glick?
it's happening on NA too
NOT IN MY CLEAVAGE
Splash?
2 words: **HUD EDITOR**
But the quality of the gif kinda *blows*
I hope Neuvirth makes it there or somewhere else.
I wish...
I chose CP3...There are a ton of things to criticize about Rondo, but I'm not going to address them.
Let's go, smokes!
Suspension for steroids, stops steroid use, gets injured... Take steroids to come back super human?
Yeah, the Mojang devs all look 12 to me
What a little sweetheart, how old is he?
No poison in my drink!
That's feedback.... just cover your mic and you should be fine.
Ofcourse Ukraine is at fault, they should've made sure that russian soldiers on vacation don't shoot down planes with their BUKs.
Did they toss a grenade in there?
My guess is that A would have no interest on the OP because if he wasn't good enough for the OP when he wasn't good looking why would he want to be with her now that his appearance is acceptable.
Shit, where were the 16 year olds that looked like that when I was in high school?
It really revs up my metabolic fire, so now I can eat whatever I want =D
Agreed.
Your comments about the domain add nothing to the conversation.
Nation... Country... Obviously Montoya guys.
Seems like a great idea.
Depends how FIFA define "administrative"
what are you actually talking about boston is titletown USA
Spent a few hours in holding once, this thread has made me feel grateful that it wasnt days..
I've seen some great stonewashes on BK1 coatings When you get bored of how it looks in a while, keep it in mind
OP's point is that the guy lurking in the left lane is the one that gave birth to the guy you speak of.
Good thing you gave it a chance
Wow.
He got suspended for saying she bangs in the bathroom?
It actually changes the color temperature.
Welcome to Costco, I love you.
Quite accurate if you ask me and funny :)
nobody ever gives me gold
Ive been cheated and lied to, thanks
Free Trade agreements work well between similar economies, which is not the case of NAFTA.
isola in Ile bizard is actually pretty cool If not, tonic on pierrefonds, then there's mckibs, manoir, mozza marlowers... Or as I like to call it the 4M's.
Yeah, but that clearly means they'll never ever ever never compensate for Talon's silence, because they clearly hate every single Talon player
Yeah, if that's the case, I guess brown is really the only way to go.
only the senate members can lie to the senate
To be honest, Ermac isn't, but after hearing his intro phrase over and over, since he's my brother's favorite, I pieced that together.
Wow, now that *really* makes me want to go there.
That TB upgrade made me smile
its better to ban zilean who's so op and way better than any other support in this game.
Don't try to go against the circlejerk with the cyclists, it always ends in a downvote brigade and them telling you to remember all motorists are cunts who want to *literally* murder all cyclists and cyclists can do no wrong.
Disappointment is subjective
Yeah but can he make candles out of his earwax?
Yeah, the busted universe!
Use Imagus anyway
SH is still a Japanese game, so I guess, regarding its exclusivity, we would find out at TGS 2014 the soonest.
Getting Holiday Spirit when all I really want is pixels is making me into a grinch...
You could get the Maersk Triple E class by going to the Daewoo Shipyards in South Korea.
Good job dude.. I'm having the monotonous journey through Silver 1 and don't seem to be climbing lol.
I thought I stumbled into another dimension where JG is still alive when I read the title.
Well obviously it just feeld hard for you but for a man what you do is considered easy!
Yeah because currently people use Garen and Cho Gath to counter Ryze right?
It also made you +rep the creator of LoungeAssistant without you knowing
Or the people that post
Someone is into that shit?
TIL you can't enjoy the appearance of a body part without it being objectification.
Lemongrab nooooo!
Yea, we should let pedophiles off the hook if they have kids.
Those were brutal.
Haha, atta boy!
But a restraining order will work to protect the innocents....
But won't someone think of the Children?
Esto estaba estudiado.
Because passive aggression is how things get done.
We're ALL gonna die!
I love it and I want it.
That being said, Gal Civ 2 was still an amazing game.
Trickle down is totally working!
It only matches you against teams that will demolish you!
28 hunter, same experience as you, PRO_X_HONOR
Obviously these Fox New pundits know so much more than Harvard-educated students.
B, but, jobs are out there waiting for anyone who wants one, people keep saying so!
Does it lock frame rate at 30 fps, because that's really the best way to make a game look cinematic.
nice glasses
Wow they got Jack White on this episode cool.
I swear if I find this photo on Facebook with this caption and 30,000 likes I will find you and I will hurt you.
I bet you she'll find Rugrats misogynistic because it dared to have its female characters be just as flawed as the male ones and portrayed Angelica in a bad light for being a manipulative and bullying spoiled little brat instead of praising and seeing her for being a headstrong girl who's not afraid to be in charge and knew what she wanted.
Lets be honest though- those Lakers were derailed more by injuries and coaching than poor fit.
Reddit is nothing like that!
Yeah, they were probably asking for it.
Alright because I noticed sarcasm but wasn't sure because you didn't tag
#whensteamcaredforpc
Nobody was talking about this prior to legislation.
Dont worry; Im sure we can just vote against them with our wallets.
doppio post, reportato ai mod
(Pitchfork Raised) "Where's our Meddle and Animals Immersion Sets, you bastard!"
The ones I've had are typically baked, but grilling them is also a viable option.
But counting calories is a completely unreasonable thing to do.
Pretty sure you have to blow into the cartridge...
So *that's* where Waldinaldo was!
This game is making a fight-boner emerge from my drawers.
Yeah fuck revan
Obviously, oil and coal are the same.
Is it dog-friendly?
Have you ever met a barista?
One is a voluntary contract, the other is a legislated mandate...TOTALLY the same thing!
No, of course slackers didn't exist before this generation.
In this video : Patrick Beverly beating Dwight Howard's girlfriend.
If you thought pooping pigeons were a problem, wait until a flying horse unloads on you.
I CAN'T SPEND 300$ HOW DARE YOU DO SO?
I have a bunker with 6 months of supplies, 2 assault rifles and enough ammo to take on whatever the Nazi hordes throw at me!
no, he'd get credited as best boy and key grip.
Only "old hags" win at scrabble, obviously
Sounds like you picked a real winner
My favorite is the self-made cover for the book that teaches other people how to make their own book covers.
Bios update for a 300% overclock and ridonkulous fan curve.
90's: Rapper openly condones theft and promotes suicidal behavior 10's: Despite rapper's father's death, rapper still works hard, and promotes making love to beautiful women in his bathtub
I wish we could drug test government officials before we pay taxes in the first place, so we know they aren't blowing it all on coke and weapons.
If only there was a way to fix that
Wow I never noticed the similarity!
Glad to know killing an infidel isn't considered "murder".
According to Hamilton, Rosberg was just copying Schumacher as a stepping stone to reaching Hamilton's level ^
But, but feminist studies conducted by noted feminst scholars tell us that gender based violence is directed against women and caused by the patriarchy.
Did he die?
So many of the world's problems would be solved if people just banged it out.
Ss you can go home and post about it on all the cool places
you like breaking bad
But but but if the guild is not raiding already it's casual, and op doesn't want to associate himself with filthy casuals, ew.
Because taxis are so much safer.
They just want to embrace **TRUE** ~~Republican~~ Libertarian values and not succumb to a bunch of **RINO**s
I bet it took amazing astrophotography shots, though!
and yet at the same time a world war would solve the growing unemployment problem among today's millennials
Well, if you were acting like a man, you'd just get over it instead of complaining like a girl.
I like "FrankenGregor" and "FrankenCat" better than UnGregor and UnCat.
Anger is a gift.
Money is definitely the only thing that matters in life.
I thought the hulk was instinctive and took over before any physical harm could come to Bruce.
Pffff go back to your scales, you just don't have "soul"
This obviously means that Clint Dempsey is the one holding our offense back.
I'm gonna guess s2 on sprint.
You sound like a really great guy!
I'm sure they couldn't pay 2 extra teams otherwise
Wait, what is the point of this game exactly?
I'd expect nothing less from a quality post such as this.
what even went on in the WTC?
I'm watching BBC btw don't know if it's on RTE or not
I agree, that is what won them the series
IMPROVIN' MYSELF HOLDIN' FRAME CHASIN' MY DREAMS LIFTIN' ... THINGS Or something like that.
Prices at colleges change quickly so six is kinda a long time in the aspect
You must have been the black sheep :P
How about if it is one of those millions of Bangladeshi immigrants who are abusing the Aadhar card?
It is some sort of right wing plot to make us swallow their message, literally!
I still got not problem with em.
It was a total invasion of her privacy!
Yes, because that's *precisely* what's going on.
Oh no, Reddit can't touch politics!
All 719 of us..
Think of all of the parents that didn't have to get dragged to concerts for their 9-14 year old kids.
Sounds like a Spider-Man game
No I didn't see it thanks for pointing it out
ive gotten 4 hopes in 4 kills.
Well *Reddit* has concluded that we are *actually* a *plutocracy*.
Yeah but that was against some crappy team, right?
If you look closely, you can see Wade saying "Fuck your head"
I wonder what MAN directed this.
THIS IS JUST BIG GOVERNMENT TRYING TO TELL ME WHAT TO DO WHOO 2ND COMMANDMENT WHOOOO
Yeah, because doing that could only end well.....
Don't you marginalize baked-potato-kin, shitlord!
American Horror Story has some strong female leads.
Also tradition to marry 6 year olds in Saudi Arabia so it's okay.
Well you're a man.. fix it already!
Hey, fuck you for having an opinion!
Girls like persistence, right?
GO LISTEN TO JUSTIN BIEBER LOL DAE LE WRONG GENERATION?
I thought it was spelled "English."
You weren't even playing back then.
Wait...did this person just sign their name as, 'Faggot,' at the end of their message?
They are above reproach with Seahawks reporting.
Well, this seems plausible.
Doing pushups during loding times is definitely a great substitute for your regular workout and keeps you fit.
No forward dildos or eotech optics, what fucking noobs...
It's amazing how they act like they give a shit about the "poor people" when all they say is pointing out how much better they are than them.
Oh but I'm sure it only cost a buck
Yeah, statements like that always lead to interesting discussions
Wow its even funnier the 8th time!
Whooosh.
Hey Dean, nice to see you up and running
Can't stop drooling.
Wait, doesn't he hold up 4, but then he throws out 5?
What are yiu saying bro I've never seen such a clean c/w on a pair of shoes like ever
I'm not sure you can bring that up unless someone specifically mentions Karl Malone.
If we could just elect the right people I'm sure we could fix this mess!
because clearly he was "asking for it" by being retarded, his retardation encourages the bullies
zoo?
Only an asian women would understand
That's it, last straw no work in the cleanroom for you!
I completely agree, which is why I now choose to pirate all of my video games!
I saw the guy that made the strain talk at a ted x talk in boulder and there was an even more remarkable story of a kid that went from a few seizures a day to none for 2 years straight.
I had wear on the side of my iPad 2 where the smart cover attached as well, but I have read they fixed this with the new Smart Cover on the iPad Air because the hinge is covered in fabric now.
That kid died a hero's death.
wow ok u fukin homophobe
The Governor should have found a much larger corporation, to sell out to, one large enough to be able to hide the gifts, and prevent identification and most of all block legal action.
Good one.
Even Demi Moore's GI jane?
It's anti-MS, and hence page hit magnet.
Because a boxer's job is to kill people, right?
Too bad there isn't an agreed upon symbol to represent it in text.
But but but I have a few stacks of chromes and only want 6 off colours on my Regalia.
Yeah gotta love the South, so much better than Alaska.
Easy fix: just give them some (more) tax breaks to offset their losses.
im not sexist, but i think that woman should never have been allowed to vote.
It must be as tame as marijuana, they are both listed on the same drug schedule.
I can't help but correct you, but its /unjerk and /jerk, not
Maybe they were role playing.
He should work for the police
Everyone knows the best emergency fund is a fake passport, a fake mustache, a dumb phone, and a hoopty.
so much better then.
Nah, give him a golden handshake and send him home like we did with Sol.
Just trying to make it fair.
It's cool, he wasn't a Jew, that's why.
I guess we're tanking...
And he's all out of cares.
If those two Revis because flowers is an Oompa loompa
Your team buying you wards and all having a lot of assists seems like teamwork to me is all I am saying.
REREAD THE WORD BEFORE "CALIPARI" AND MARVEL AT MY SUBTLETY
Yeah the issue wasn't the bullet but rather the age
As opposed to the Arab talks of genocide and talking trees?
Yep, graphictank linked to the discussion.
He's like one of the best defensive halves anyway.
But you know, he studied it at a university so it must be true...
Guys will tolerate ridiculous things for sex...The sex doesn't even have to be that good...
You could probably just copy/paste "Requires a substrate update" for almost all of them.
I wont watch...... Anyone outside of OG/ON .... Other then like Karma, Sharp and maybe 1 or 2 other guys
Oh, so, you kids these days are taking your PCATs on computers, huh?
how very dare them
Mitigation too stronk, pls nerf Alim
rekt ever after
No, it's a rererererererererererererepost.
Just because there is an age difference doesn't make it wrong...
TIL
That whole article is incredibly vague.
Assemble it in orbit, and weight limits cease to matter unless you're planning a landing.
I truly hope it's selfie just on principle alone.
How is this even funny
Thanks for your long and detailed answer.
I don't know about you, but I never pay much attention to people YouTube profile pictures whenever I'm on there, it's the thumbnails that attract my attention
They said in an article that Garruk will be revealed on Monday.
It seems like they're writing Doctor Who as a franchise that has a large extended universe, but they're not filling in the extended universe with anything
Ah, at least you delete comments when proven wrong, instead of admitting it...thanks?
Is that actually being said?
Dude you're so right
Were you drunk?
Lol no
He mentioned it most recently after the back to back HRs.
we just find it incredibly pathetic that you have to comment here now because you care about credit that much, makes you look insecure as fuck.
The man's a proud womyn and the kids a vertically challenged trans-age-kin
That reads like an old racist paper on why whites are superior to blacks.
We need someone from r/wastedgifs to get on this
Have a bless-ed day always gets a puzzled look from me.
Orange
There was no such fucking thing as YouTube for Eminem's first five albums...
And Cuba.
You're going places!
This.
I agree, if we(US and EU) work together we can probably shut ourselfs off Russian gas
I think it's awesome how you can see effect that the vortex's that come of the edge of the rear wing endplates have on the smoke plume.
This is more of a rape, and if you believe the media we are a rape culture; so by dressing that way or taking those pictures she was asking for it.
To be fair, dying by being devoured by the Sarlaac sounds pretty damn gruesome.
Nisoice
Problem is every small phone sucks except the iPhone 6 and Z3 Compact.
Not even shift click and ctrl shift click enemies :)
How's it feel to have crushed his hopes?
I know =) A lot of people still refer to it as IBM though.
Theeere was never a maaan Like my Johneee
All the sections are great, but there are two sections dedicated dry zones (places you can't drink), so you might want to avoid them (I know 424 ROH is one of them because I sit there).
Die Motherfucker Die
Dat ethnocentrism.
99% of all species of earth have been extinct before humans came about to destroy anything significant, so I'd hardly say that's impressive.
I think OP is talking about the goats...
Not just the tip?
Poor ocelot, tries so hard to stay relevant in the league scene and ppl bring him down.
Yeah that makes no sense....of you don't want your penis in her mouth don't take it out of your pants.
And "here" is... where?
Hey hermano.
I didn't come from 4chan... I did however come from a place that can count.
I'm glad you finally figured out your place, woman.
Yeah I saw some people bashing him not wearing the Kokiri outfit there, but he's always gotten it at some point.
There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that The Red Pill subreddit will be just as influential to society and culture as Sigmund Freud.
How big is your forehead?
OP is second from right in case anyone was wondering.
Just start with, "I'm not asshole, *but*..."
I need to get one for my arduino parts anyway, might as well get two.
If you are giving your opponent enough time to turn car factories into tank factories, you're doing it wrong.
They didn't even replay it 3/4 of the way through the next (and last) lap, even after we watched Massa and Perez, it panned to the leaders who were on Delta laps anyway..
Fuck you, got mine
If you dubbed this in Arabic, I'm sure it would go over seamlessly in Saudi Arabia.
OP was the one that was hit by the hit &amp; run perp.
Unless you gay or black or mexican or brown or not republican.
Yay for forcing your own religious ethics and morals on other people!
And then prepare to do a lot of explaining the whole day as that movie is 30 years old.
Steve Benson, Tom (anointedone) Phillips, and I don't know
Take the boring parts of football and rugby and mix them together with a healthy dose of American commercialism and you've got it about right.
Honestly, if she has self-control and uses responsibly, I personally think there's no reason she can't be an addictions counsellor.
I dont know what Elo sees in him.
HL3- games for windows - a single tear was shed that day.
I wish they would stop misspelling squerrel.
I have these feels, and gladly share them with you.
Where I got it from someone said Toaru Kagaku no Railgun Never seen it myself though.
Hence the problem.
You forgot a word here and there, but it's not bad.
Supposedly they worked out all the legal issues on this one by requiring you to have legit copies of both games.
Remember its only a coincidence if it goes against your preconceived notions.
Man I feel like this whole thread of comments is the proverbial pot calling the kettle black.
Who would be the best person to ask about this?
Good man.
That's it folks...the ride's over
Dick Cheney puts the Callous back in Conservative
Introducing 36 hours of mandatory alcohol abuse and German cultural sensitivity training for his entire unit.
Oh god that's just hilarious.
I can't upvote this because it's at 420
Doesn't make him stronger
That looks curdled and gross.
What kind of camera is this taken with?
But they're all so clever and have the best titles...
It wasn't Anchorman 1, so it was crap.
Is the President a doodyhead, or merely a turdburglar?
Interesting, I'll have to see it in play sometime.
How is this outright paranoia "logical"?
Isn't that the thing everyone turned into at the end of *The End of Evangelion*?
That's a disgustingly ignorant thing to say.
how much is that?
I would rather the guy who made the mistake be the dead one than the one who didn't.
Watching Olympics coverage on the BBC and grading papers.
Your wit it underrated ;-)
Aww, poor babies.
//Weapon Switcher bind "q" "knife" alias "knife" "slot3; bind q primary" alias "primary" "lastinv; bind q knife" bind "1" "slot1; bind q knife" bind "2" "slot2; bind q knife" bind "3" "slot3; bind q primary" bind "4" "slot4; bind q knife" bind "5" "slot5; bind q knife"
Don't forget golf and baseball!
I think OP may have changed it to that.
Yeah because they are all sitting nicely in a row like ducks, far away from any population centres with no winds in the area that could lead to any population centres.
Are you sure they were Liberal and not one of those Neo-Cons disguised a liberal?
What genocide?
Still having it :-/
Not sure who downvoted you or why...
Just hate the Red Wings and you're on the right track
Nope sorry can't do that because it might offend some people jeez cmom haven't you seen those super influential PSAs on Facebook ?
simple solution, always sleep with a loaded handgun with the safety off!
I hear the only thing deader than PS2 is IB, the legendary deadfit
Uh oh, don't you dare speak about the upstanding residents of Fishtown in less than glowing terms!
The ugly ones are asking for it though.
THAT MEANS MORE GRIND FOR ALL OF US!ALL ABOARD THE GRIND TRAIN!
This time of the year is when I log back on to WOW and whoop some horde asses.
My choice doesn't seem to have affected how much of a woman i am
Rafa.
Clearly the goat was possesed by Satan
GOD SHOOT LIKE A MAN.
Bullshit, you can grab his.
TFYC IS MISOGYNIST FOR DARING TO RETURN HER FIRE!
Its clearly a thing, look how *terrible* JJ Watt has been since he's been on the show.
Manchmal gut, manchmal bedenklich.
[Test]
[what]
I'll just head down to the beach and take pictures of random women's bodies and hope they agree with you.
He feared for his life, and therefore force was justified.
Of course the Administration didn't know this was happening.
That doesn't mean you have to mute everyone when you get into every game and that's my point.
you just woke up from a dream again didnt you , not talking to people leads to A) LESS WAR OR MORE WAR B) if you aint at the table you aint at desert either, yes or no?
I'm a weeaboo!
Unlike the Ile-a-Vache fiasco, if this is being done with the full cooperation of the people who already inhabit La Turtue then I can support it in full.
Been asked if I was in the Air Force or Army when in DPNU's..never Navy..
I disagree, It's not a casual facebook flash game, he would fucking hate it
I'm guessing not, because like 8 accounts of his got nuked.
Time to help a girl out and set these boobies free for all of gonewild to see!
Like anyone besides a warriors fan would remember that...
It's not like we can say maybe he was really mad from the chase and decided to shut off his camera and then dish out some punishment right, because that would never happen.
They have the gear they could carry, so they would've certainly brought armor.
I believe it's from a preseason game this past year.
Not as bad as a bite tho
well, that would make the brake light come on, and you can't sell a car in that condition!
Gigantic!
Fuck raw emotions push it in until your a fucking robot
Well that veered off like a car that suddenly sprouted cobras in the back seat.
Wow finally an idea that hasn't been suggested a thousand times!
Because they got history mate.
As will I.
I think I like you.
Yeah, fuck them dude police suck
It's going to Moscow - which is super neutral and won't let anything happen to the data.
Moran.
He's not a top 5 QB anymore...
Right, because we don't want to watch anything else other than the almighty cashgod SpongeBob.
That may be the biggest object to ever have a choking hazard.
Oh he's definitely a shoe-in now.
Or, maybe because the other 65% have no wish to travel, having everything they need within their own borders to live a peaceful, happy, and free life.......
I'm sure the &lt;200k users of Steam on this subreddit really matter in the millions and millions of Steam users and surely we really impact these results.
Conquering systems by running plexes.... Yeah go play fw.
Yeah it is SO funny to scam people!
He did one the other day!
Wouldn't mind a midnight blue theme.
Tough break, hope the MRI shows it's not serious.
That's what he said: "years"
Really, so that's why it's called the play bow?
Don't you know America controls the world?
No... pretty sure those are Diablo demon names.
OMG dresses urban must be gangster!
If only Israel would stop breaking all these temporary cease fires!
This whole outbreak thing is going so well ...
I had already beat the original Legend of Zelda by then noob.
yeah take that f2p scum!
SURPRISED!
They wanted heated floors right?
0.1 x 10^-9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 %
Who *couldn't* love 30-dollar aspirin tabs?
Oh, Central America isn't missing, that's just the Panama Canal.
Violence should be accepted if its part of a persons culture
yes - government guaranteed loans are toxic.
your kids have a chance as long as the government stays out of the way!
Yes its completely ethical to separate male and female members of a captive population.
That would be sexist.
Out with the old in with the less old :P 660 is last Gen breh
Uh huh, Iraq, Libya and Yugoslavia all happened in my inflamed, tinfoil covered brain.
Nothing a Boeing 747 can't take down.
That's what PMs are for!
But she didn't tell him to stop, so she loves him
Yes, I so want to hear the story of how Tidus blew up from kicking a bomb.
I guess I was born in the right country to be in the top 1% then.
I don't see how that has anything to do with you being the arbiter of whether or not a religion is *valid* enough to be able to marry people.
They both fail to learn the rules, invent their own game that involves drinking, get hammered, then bored and leave the "game" to try one of their get rich quick schemes.
wonder if the headmates are otherkin too.
God, what a dumbass.
West coast choppers don't compare to east coast, but I'm Texan, so I beat both coasts just on the tax rate.
500gb, 3.9 Mbps, $110ish a month (phone bundle) i fucking love this country
Today is totally different...
Ah, but you're still sucking on a robot dick which makes you less of a man.
amen.
Yep, it's not like someone's shitty parking might affect anyone else...
busted again NASA
Yeah if only we could be losing 750k jobs a month again that would be awesome
No, no, he was *handsome*, so it's okay.
So that iPhones can play it without any problems
I've actually got a tweek installed that makes my iPad screen look like it's the same quality as a ps4.
If they don't like what he pays them for chores they should just find a new father.
But politicians are wise and honest people
Now I'm not a racist but them niggers need to leave nice white folk like myself alone.
Good to see our kiwi brothers following in the footsteps of Tony Abbott.
No idea why nobody would appreciate a good joke making fun of somebody's disorder.....
oh yeah canada's awesome!
that doesn't make sense, there was a gun and angry people so at least one person must of died right?
You're right, they should just stop making the films as soon as they start getting successful.
Attempted Murder
Just spit on them and you'll be fine
It is good to see other companies building on the success the MPAA and RIAA has had with DRM!
Idk man, they got some great sports programming with the olympics man.
I only need an end table now but I'll still give you the bed and clock of you'd like!
Nice logic.
Yeah, we never see clever plays by the Warriors.
C'mon, OP, he second guy was *clearly* just asking if you were the Virgin Mobile girl!
But they had a Super Bowl ad like every other religion does.
What garbage they didn't even get the colors right.
Hahaha no of course not it's totally just a coincidence that the only hip-hop artists she likes are white
But they have shiny badges....
Yes because Hitchcock remakes always do so well, and you know Michael Bay won't overdo it at all.
If you say so.....
BUT WHAT ABOUT MEN
Hey, at least he isn't racist...
His future looks bright.
Because they're plenty 'hidden' in a place which you can access from almost anywhere.
Your lack of skill shows once again
yes, installing a poppit dictator (Abbas) who has zero support form the population and have the israelis sign agreements with him, great diplomacy.
Cause mental illness isn't a real thing.
Why do the atheists want to distribute bibles?
Oh no of course not!
Pulling fire alarms *is* free speech.
Yeah all curry does is shoot threes
This is like the Russians in the Olympics all over again.
Whoa dodged a bullet there her husband may have been a Sargent Major which gives her the same authority according to her military wives group.
oh... i thought only muslims were terrorists...
Don't you want those nice scratch lines in your film?
Look at all those terrible criminals.
moms spaghetti.
Okay... thanks for your usefull reply man, appreciate it
he obviously lives in them, eats in them, sleeps in them, has sex in them, etc etc
I would suggest that the crew either didn't realize what they were signing up for or did and then attempted to call foul after the fact.
I saw Jesus on a piece of toast once
You clearly just don't, like, understand the underground music scene, man.
Well for one thing, you would count from 0 to 1023 on your fingers instead of 0 to 10.
I was around your size at 15, now I'm 22 and closer to 7.25 x 6.5
Is there a vinyl record preorder?
Revolutionary concept right here
On which she would repply, that's the title of the movie and you'd repply...
Korn_hole is apparently not ready for marriage.
Oregon is basically a revolving door for coaches
Yea, flavour is for faggots lol.
Don't worry it's all fine nothing to see here!
Yeah, you got me...
Nooo... Don't go..
Gee, I'm just loving all these actual sources.
I'm looking forward to it being brought up *at least* two times next season
Yes, because the government is so good at avoiding technicalities.
Weight-lifting is definitely a worthier pastime than sex.
Literally all zoos are Hitler and there is nothing we can learn from them
Great, witty, insightful comment...
Yeah traitor went to Tampa
Well 1 Aston Martin owner is definitely a more significant sample than 1 Toyota owner.
power hungry cops hassle banana for open carrying and exercising 2a rights!
YEA, COME ON GUYS GLOCKITY GATS OR DIE.
Oh yeah, because we all know how great they are at running the country.
PC gamers can never be wrong, they're always right, and they're always better.
Sorry, it definitely can still happen even without kids.
I know my personal wealth almost doubled in the last 5 years.
Yes, because before modern medicine was this advanced, people lived sooo much longer...totally...
Just because Google is ruled by plferlis people does not make it any less real!
Dan is allergic to chocolate.
SWEDISH PEOPLE ARE RACIST AS FUCK, RIGHT?
They cut this scene from the Westboro documentary.
No shit
Is this Medieval Total War?
Enlighten us?
SHUT UP, 1-9 SF 2EZ4RTZ.
Makes sense if true.
But on a standard auto, neutral-dropping is REALLY bad for the car.
The horse is from Colorado?
Not forgetting Peter falling over, banging his knee and then sucking air and moaning for 5 minutes, that shit was hilarious the first, second and 200th time it was done.
huh?
Did he lateral it?
being that it would probably take several years to pick a location, get the permits, throw out all the Palestinians that live within a mile of the site and pick an architect to design the temple, I think we might be safe for a while.
:(
Kegel exercises can also make it tight if you ever get involved with a thinner girl.
Chicago tried it for the same reasons, and it didn't work unfortunately.
Definitely not a Calvinist anymore, Catholicism is an option (and probably what I'm most likely to choose) but I'm also open to Orthodoxy or Anglo-Catholicism.
Neither, Blake can only dunk and Cousins has a team killing attitude.
Only a 4 score game guys, still in it!
Put more info on here, you will get a better response.
Atleast it's not the Reliant Robin
It's not AN artist, it's two artists, Slug and Ant
2002/10 would listen to maybe once or twice more.
Freedom Tower is actually 1776 feet tall!
Except exactly nothing I have described has happened before...
You forgot the
*i'm just a poor booooy i need no sympathyyyyy*
He just lost the fingers, he'll still be able to provide for them, here's to a speedy recovery.
A blizzard of special snowflakes is coming
It's not a brojob if it's your dad.
And America used information gathered from the T-34 in its tank designs.
Alright, I'd be happy to take another look.
Since he became a Yankee he's leading the majors in homers and RBI.
Yeah especially those baseball teams, I mean those Giants have been so bad for so long
OP I have you tagged as "'s neighbors broke into his house" so in a few weeks when I randomly see you and ask you about this don't get confused.
Fucking Backpackers.
I'm really curious about the strength and stability of ply wood and milk crates as a stage...
That's not an easy question to answer in metric either.
No wonder they are protesting.
I'm sure nobody will understand this vague reference to some insignificant event that happened a few months back.
OHK?
Did he change?
Still better than selfies, duh.
Just enough to wet the appetite.
Or, if necessary, just eat the cheap and delicious pizza.
he said Israel, Israel won six.
Ghoul racist
What is "tele trapping"
yes plz
Just try to stop eating for awhile and get back to us.
I'm not a big fan of Pink Floyd so I thought it was an American Pie reference.
Is the SteamOS/Linux version going to be on GOG?
And yet I'm sure there will be no shortage of extra-chromosome closeted racists constantly whining that ordinary Muslims don't condemn those actions.
Islam has been around in India before the Mughals, see: Sultanate of Delhi
Just stifle his exile trigger!
Fuck off
As an aside, your two favorite Purdue yinzers are safe and sound.
How could they have ever gained admittance to the library without his ingenious knot design?
Kane will be the better player in a couple of seasons time though
So what's your point?
It had a Shakespearian flow to it.
Does this guy actually think that the "Hot girl never gets approached because everyone's intimidated" thing is actually thing?
That was my reaction the last time one of my master plans was foiled.
The Mezquita isn't a mosque (for hundreds of years now) and the Sagrada Familia isn't a cathedral.
Proof of his existence is not proof of divinity.
Those exist?
as someone who lost his father at 13, yeah, teens can go through hardship, as can children, as can anyone at any age.
Seems as though it depends entirely on your total level
Oh, we're not worried about you since you're not Christians
Just observing the facts.
Thanks for 3 points before you left
I can't wait they deserve it.
Are you new here?
Those vietcong kids are being punished for their crimes against Murica and/or being gay themselves!
They *should* but that is irrelevant, because leaving the game before an opener has been set, is a far worse offense.
Cotton gin increased demand for states' rights.
Save the WiiU and kill so many friendships
Nothing helps mend a broken heart quite like cookie dough.
video's only game 1. do you have game 2 as well?
Well the other guys have always been white, so y'know.......
I never realized how many people didn't understand sarcasm until I came to reddit
Ali reminds me of Serena, always in trouble but genuinely believes it's not her fault
As others have said, there is no way, but I wish there was.
What ocean?
Lol what is your favorite non-horror movie?
He's got too much money to hire morons.
I'm surprised at the lack of Japanese on the map.
I bet some rhino horn dust and albino limbs will cure this ebola problem
But gentrification is the Devil!
So in other words, no one.
I live in Cabbagetown and run in and around Riverdale park (there's an oval track in Riverdale Park East), or the Toronto Necropolis (whose asphalt path is an oval and just shy of a 1/2 km) so I can't help you personally, but I'd suggest looking into any nearby city parks -- some may have trails suitable for your needs.
Longest hotel ride ever.
Take it off, take it off, take it off...
Well, as a native Bostonian... I know where I'm going now.
I just felt your FICO score drop by 10 points and your FAKO by, oh, say 50 points.
Good to know, thanks.
connect the tinfoil to the ground return path
I know a Captain Tagon and a General Tagon, who's this Colonel Tagon?
Make some actual arguments instead of name-calling like some teenage boy.
Tell that to Zuko, joker almost burned down his family's summer estate!
They can get Crysis to stream to the Shield Portable, but a wireless controller seems to be too much of a technical hurdle.
This exact topic was brought up on NBA TV's Open Court, and I think it was Kenny Smith who said "Ask Bill Walton how the Chucks worked out on his legs".
This is the part on Law and Order where the lawyers get frustrated because they know all they have is hearsay and can't build a case.
You are supposed to reddit 24/7.
Does NFL medical insurance cover arthritis?
And a lot more death.
So you studied nature and now you want to tar it over?
If I remember correctly, it was used in the TV commercial for the movie 'Ted' also
Obligatory
Shitlords
They're supposed to be unfair and OP.
Everybody loves a good catch 22 right OP?
Let me know when you find it, because that sounds like a wonderful experience.
4chan
Coming from the guy who posted 5 hitler memes in here today...
I played with my gf, we decided to use the AH and it completely ruined it, removed now isnt it?
did you have express or regular shipping?
ur so gud tho
Kanuj is thank.
Well, Halliburton stock is up, and gas isn't $7 a gallon, so that's good for the economy, right?
Why would judging someone's intelligence based of their hair color be dumb?
Damn i didnt knew that... i need to pay more attention when i buy something online Thanks for the help!
Latinos can be white...
Cool, I look forward to the all electric Mercedes with over 300 mile range, auto-pilot, dual motors, and a 0-60 under 3 seconds.
Pointing out when the government is violating the law, the US Constitution etc, is obviously the act of a traitor right?
But their orange chicken is, like, so good!
So, basically corporate communism
Yay let's Nerf affliction into the ground some more.
aaaaand it gets removed.... Well played admins.
The ennui of uncertainty from the post-modern cultural zeitgeist.
That's what happens when you open your borders
Dylexics of thw World Untie!
I dunno, I liked it ;-)
European Christianity TIL Jesus was a white European did I bet he was Nordic too, just like Moses
ALL THIS MAKES ME WANT TO DO IS RECORD ME VIEWING A MARION SCHULTZ VIDEO AND POST IT ON SOME RANDOM YOUTUBE THIS CAN GO SO META
***#YOSTED*** Oh wait, is that not the appropriate use?
Guess we need to give them more money on paetron because they don't have enough to make these minute changes.
The free one has Ads for malboro and pall mall
OMG how silly of me, i haven't been using my action skill at all LOL.
Just the right product to start some Californification
Mark Robertson of Invidia Tattoo has been posting up some nice work on Facebook lately of some paint style pieces.
Nah man this is so ironic and hilarious, I'm sure every alcohol related company allows day drinking at work too.
Judging my Ricks whiskers, add Carl's weathered hair and subtract Michonnes katana Id say 3 days tops
but im sure if it costs all your nanites to go to a fight people will go there and not zerg down a lane mindlessly.
Its a "microagression" you cishitlord
Omg that's so weird my super fast metabolism went away when I started eating more too!
Is that why we aspire to be city?
Aquilani...
I couldn't tell you from memory but it was pretty OP
Thanks for sharing
This picture has an adequate amount of cowbell.
De Gea is such a fucking beast.
Show that the people who mutilate young women's genitals are otherwise good people tainted by their religion.
Looking at you Maldonado...
Your cheek bones are like those of the angels.
Great post OP.
I still play some Brood War once in a while.
Agrarian Skies mod pack
That goddamn video
british people of reddit, what's your obsession with not brushing your teeth?
Shen because he has clearly had a huge impact this season.
A hangover
Yeah that won't get you In trouble
This is why we can't have nice things!
I want a real cinematic experience so I blink 6 times a second to get to 24 fps which is the only true cinematic experience.
Exactly this, not to mention most 3 day cons are 50-60 bucks as well
I am tired of these World War 2 jokes Anne Frankly i'm quite offended by them...
oh my god those nicknames triggered me so hard
Joey?
Yikes.
Nothing like a good talk to make lesbians appreciate men again
Well, he *did* step over the line after he released the ball.
That was the year the British imperialists stole Las Malvinas from us!
But Israel are victims!
top lel, *I've protected your privacy*, hopefully you don't get (#tw) your wikipedia user talkpage edited I'm out.
At least they can't sue for wrongful execution
Because movies make the majority of their profits from ticket sales.
The horror
Did I do something to make you dislike me
Wow that's so obvious and easy for me to notice!
Define "formal" and "company" and "partnerships"
this is our just reward for being peasants.
the mac dad will make ya jump jump
*That's* going to go over well.
Ok, how do I get my beard from being so frizzy?
Yup, copy and paste requires SOO much work
Negging always works!
It's not fixed no, and what's worse, is they're adding new bugs every day!
holy crap there are a lot of anivia players out there :/
Well you would still need a 24hz monitor because humans have two eyes for 12fps each.
Then it's good the xbone is in 792p!
But having no social skills makes me so special and super smart
I'd say you invented the conflict if you're the one being wrong all the time.
Yes, cause we totally have all the answers about the multiplayer
BUT BUT BUT MONOPOLIES ARE GOOD BECAUSE CAPITALISM
Make that a shirt!
So we should just leave him to kill himself, right?
But the Xbox One uses GDDR5 ram...
Come on now, the Police have always been really worried about how being racist will look.
I wish my life was as exciting as your belt's.
Nah i cant quite see both our fullbacks and both our main (before blind) CM options making a difference whatsoever
termite holes
He already did.
What if your nurse was a man?
I mean it's probably fair use because they're not selling it right?
Equality fetishizing can only be explained by obsessive compulsive disorder, no other backwards ethic highlights the arbitrariness behind moralizers better.
But... but... you look like his princess - how could you deny him his princess?
Because Manning's 7 TDs against the Ravens didn't count toward his total, duh
No, becoz real gamers play console because PC is full of pirates that are ruining the industry
But ads are literally Satan
Obvious troll is obvious; adults don't like candy flavours and that's a fact.
Yea, the 5K-9 and First Fridays are destroying are community.
WLAHHOAHHHDHFNKWAHHHHHHH
20 hours community service, 4 anger management sessions and an apology letter.
Lack of intelligence I mean they were largely Spain fans.
Nope, just a guy who loves women.
And I work at Fox so...
Don't worry, we'll all have Jetsons cars by then, meaning the gridlock is ~100 feet above!
Yet women are still discrimated against... Shocking
lelelelelelle look we can m0d ur gamez
If only Martin Luther King Jr had been so inclined, eh?
Clearly, the solution is guaranteed profits for small businesses via subsidies until they can succeed on their own.
Because if you have wealth and fame you physically cannot be unhappy
So like a vegetarian?
Hey anything to make our own team look better even when we're not playing!
kony2014
Oh great buzzfeed my favorite.
Do you think something should be done about askreddit's repetitive nature?
Obviously Mr Manning has become a Liberal shill...
Yeah, if you get down on yourself for drinking too much, don't worry: you haven't yet hit rock bottom like these people, so it's totally fine.
Yeah, I hear they do that spontaneously.
I'm surprised the cop didn't execute all the ducks in front of a bunch of kids.
Wait wait wait...wha?
Reports that the man"s name is "Julian" remain unconfirmed
A great big thank you to America for attacking Iraq, getting rid of the evil tyrant dictator, killing tens of thousands of its citizens and fixing things up.
Or being paid to be passive
Moochelle is at it again!
Because remember, guys, if someone's highly mobile, they deserve a ban automatically, damage and mana costs be damned.
But how are stock holders supposed to make a profit that way.
Because they only think of us money.
Preferably as a torrent?
It's his cakeday, don't you know we're supposed to give him non-existent internet points willy nilly?
Earning that mature rating.
Thank you dad
Yes!
So you dont read?
By owning the land, duh.
Tack Mikael Nylander.
*
Did you get ran over by a John Deer?
Everyone knows that once you find a set or leg item, you never find the same type again.
Yeah, putting a good camera on an expensive car is totally dickish rather than smart.
Maybe it evolved!
To criticize you takes away your free speech.
I'm not sure if it's just my 'murica speaking, but that sounds really fucking stupid.
At noon on a Thursday, right when the public is available for a lovely debate!
Because drama and marketing and buy this or pick a side or listen and do what someone else tells you!
Cause he's a racist, right?
Working as intended, bc new russian jets get priority
Yeah because he's totally going to break your arm the first time you roll as a white belt
Can you spot me a quick plane ticket from Orlando?
Dude those soldiers are assholes, jumping on grenades hogging it all.
HOW FUCKING DARE YOU!
Shh, you aren't supposed to know about those!
Should've put a
Not joking neither.. Elves can be nasty.
This should be enough to make me start using CV in real games!
I don't adjust to social norms Yeah, good luck with that, dude
That's not how corporations work... you as an employee need to be loyal to your corporate overlords and accept low pay because "we're family here", but the second the CEO of the company needs a new yacht and cuts need to be made, they'll fire you're ass at the drop of the hat... no offense, "its just business".
Because adding the extra letter is so difficult
Yes, it was the CHA that was responsible for Cabrini Green's downfall.
(rolls eyes) You must be FAT!
Not giving a fuck about what food people consume and what's in them seems to work pretty good for the US
Yeah, it's such a shame you and your girlfriend aren't fat and don't weigh 350 lbs combined.
Since this line is in the soundtrack and you pay attention to its every detail when watching the beginning of the movie in the theater...
live bat sandwiches ?
Isn't god amazing?
Yeah, they should just shut down their program now.
He even looks like Elijah Wood!
Yeah, long distance running gives you huge calves!
[it's in Devin Weston's garage]
Yeah I'm sure she had a grand ol' time...
I forgot that San Fran is known for its pizza.
Nah he's going to go to LA and win Kobe his sixth ring
To me it wasn't that he was bad, it was just from the start I knew trading away a big prospect for not even half a season of Beltran was a bad idea.
I wonder who thought that up?
Someone who walks up and down the aisle checking tickets.
Adding that to the OPlist, would that count as a strategy game or a card game?
Rock you like a hurricane!
Mrs chandler bong
Gimme back my yeast rolls dammit i made mutton stew tonight!
Codename Kids Next Door..thats the one
Dat cancer reference yo.
Bought 1.5m safely myself and a friend bought 700k
No no, this is more of a chimps-in-a-room-eventually-write-shakespeare type situation.
You poor, poor man.
But this is not supposed to be the playboy douchey batman, this is supposed to be the old, jaded and pissed at superman batman.
Well then dont sweat it.
Wow, another hackerthread to supplement the 20 others that have been posted in the last 3 days.......good call, OP
Sure let's shelter them from fire arms... That will teach them how to properly handle and respect them...
Wonder what she has to say about a Single Action Army?
Afroeurasia.
Then you are sad....
Where you from?
You can't zim zam the Sterling.
We stir our compound with NaH before adding the PMBCl
Obviously he's a Citadel fan
hmm, i think they need to work on them and make them an actual threat, or remove them until they work, right now, they are so bad and so stupid and buggy id rather they were gone
Sounds like they never got the memo: Latino JWs get away with everything
you anti-semetist
Got to keep an eye on those Healthcare blugers
ITT: People who has realized value is subjective, thanks to Bitcoin.
Flacco looked good week 1 as well, BAL just had problems with their secondary and with dropped passes.
Technically it is a long-term 75-year lease, not a sell-off, so if the company doesn't exit from Chapter 11, the roads will revert to the state and they'll keep the $3.8 billion they pocketed.
Yeah because using a broken ass animation where you can move before the armor lock is even off surely makes you good at the game.
Slotted rotors brah
7/364.
Yep, just look at Canada.
nice!
Hopefully someone gets out of their car and shoots you one day.
Can confirm, started in classic, played private servers for TBC, played Wrath, left before Cata, played MoP, and haven't touched WoD because I have no time due to other games.
The MTAR is more popular since it's an all-kit weapon, whereas some people dislike being 'limited' to the engineer class when using the CZ.
Possibly the greatest Tennessee Jed ever recorded.
Get bent.
DARE taught me that one line of coke will instantly get me addicted, and I would be selling my body in the streets within a week.
a) Throw some corn into a paper bag b) Spray some cooking spray into the bag c) Sprinkle salt or whatever inside d) Shake well e) Put in microwave f) Eat and count your saved money
That is the only true fact in this whole jerk.
This is *EXACTLY* what we need!
And now he's 21 and Bo
Yeah, Branco's not completely overstating things here.
Delete and remake with NSFL!
Dating sites aren't helping much either :(
I could play that keyboard for hours.
Dani Alves
Them being lovely people, or the exercise being too intense?
Come to Minnesota, we have 15
Your name is a Harry Potter reference, isn't it?
Now *this* is podracing!
ehh, we can wait for steam sale
Technically, this is true at all stores... as long as you're willing to wait until morning of the next business day.
Wow, this guy is going places.
Si no te quejas lo siguen haciendo
Why bother to waste my energy on your lies?
Are you *sure*?
Ah ok..Schlong mods were never my forte.
Maybe it has changed over the past 30 years then?
no only a dummy would think that.
He's right Most people I see wearing them are bla- I mean "basketball Americans" Sorry, gotta be politically correct
This is like the Buzzfeed subreddit of reddit.
Shit was SO cash.
Nah, Southern California.
oh baby
Nah, I have one and I'm 17.
Sure seems that way but not necessarily undeserving either
But like that's a ute so fak u silly merican
Pretty much.
not me.
Yeah, that's what I meant, sorry that was worded poorly.
It's at least implied in the title...
Him being a frat-boy wouldn't surprise me.
Conservatives/Republicans determined to beat this topic to death.
If that's our worst move, we've truly entered the realm of #firstworldproblems.
If you could link to that research, either here or in a new post, that would be awesome.
Got to the salt factory boss in super meat boy without realizing that i could dash
ooc: Tactful Charles... Very tactful
Alphabetical order based on abbreviations not city name, just based on the file names I gave them.
Sounded like I'm different by 2 chainz at first, if someone could remix it...
3 wheelers can get pretty unstable when cornering, and many of them are pretty poorly made, and shockingly heavy, but if she's not going to be carrying it, and won't be going fast, it's an option.
Added!
Very anti-fascist behavior, isn't it?
Well, if you believe that, you are obviously racist
[3E] after level 10 or so, if we end a session and the players are pretty close to leveling, I'll spot them enough xp to just barely level them up, and then subtract it from the xp for the next session.
I have braces and I use tweezers -- works perfectly!
The TeleTerrorists
sounds like gay marriage has destroyed everything!
Yeah, I doubt that either, unless this somehow becomes a competitive game or something.
Bad troll is bad, should feel bad.
Yep
Jesus took the wheel.
Isn't the grist ratio very important for enzymatic activity though?
You really should be ashamed of yourself.
Maybe he sings showtunes in his sleep.
/ #whataboutMRSklaus
Isn't it cheese and chocolate?
He noticed that they fixed awp again :D
The only one that was actually hard to predict was Wii Fit Trainer, everything else was a reasonable guess imo.
This is what happens to the master race.
Don't know if she'd still feel it with Eric, since she is released, but yeah she'd feel it with Tara.
Well they've already sent players to Nagano and this year Sochi, if these occurred without a hitch I have no idea why Korea would be an outlier.
Just bout dat action boss
MICHAEL!
it's called
Public schools indoctrinate idiocy.
I know - if we see something that seems wrong, lets all presume it was best-intentions and look into it no further!
I was thinking more, Lexus middle-aged woman Red.
Wtf is up everyone's ass today.
Bloody hipster.
Would be more fun with the old TT, but sounds fun:)
So you don't want to try something because you might enjoy it?
^ This.
Sanu to Dalton obviously
Could've been a tape recorder.
Merely a code issue, but the choice Sony made to only release those two versions... seeing how many downloads of digital they will get for having the 10 dollars off of regular price.
Yes that was almost 10 years ago but you don't seem to have reading comprehension.
Yes, if a law makes it illegal for someone to work somewhere, it's totally a hyperbolic leap to describe it as such.
People who disagree with me.
I don't think they actively WANT to do that, it's just their business model.
Yeah cause ive never been told to kill myself in smite
Well that surely would never happen under the US political system.
And the threats, and the doxing, and calling people at their jobs and getting them fired, and sending people syringes.... Some real first-class people, those AntiGG types.
What a new tactic.
Beware Mudiji , one of them is carrying the summons to earn those 10000 cnotes
But...but...but.. it's against MLB policy to pay for it!
The internet will get tired of it slightly after it is tired of porn.
Think of all that sweet self post karma you'll miss!
botters care
Isn't that what Tex does?
But if we start thinking like that the American Dream will be ruined and wealth will be spread evenly.
Nah man its clearly GTA
DONT WORRY BROTHER WE SHALL REMAIN STRONG
But where are you *REALLY* from.
After all, instragram is the gold standard for good photography
I was gonna say the same thing, but I think this is actually in the first half hour of the second part.
[http://www.downloadmoreram.com](http://www.downloadmoreram.com)
Bravo sir bravo, everything said was exactly how I feel.
yes but not everyone wants/can use xPosed...
Right, what a total douchebag.
One problem, what he's saying is not in 60FPS.
[The door?]
Yup, go ask any liquor shop owner in Bangalore and see how police vehicles drive by their shops every night to collect their daily "hafta".
I see you're not a fan of this comic's subtlety.
Which of those three characters is yugioh?
Haha yeah, no person in power or politics has ever done that!
Paradise is in Salt Lak EH Citey in ooootha!
But I thought the debt going up was because poor people are demanding more things like food and water...Damn poors with their SNAPs
In before someone be- Oh too late.
But that's not what's important here
There is always a technological fix!
Many chocolate products contain theobromine which is toxic to a dog when it ingests between 100 and 150 milligrams per kilogram of body weight
Darude - Sandstorm
With an English accent it sounds almost Elvish, which makes perfect sense.
Aches to OG when Nadeshot retires... Confirmed .....
Red dot sight = 500 assists
Will Smith is that you?
I doubt it, Apple gear never runs hot...
Because genocide is such a great option.
BEADS?
Because with Phil in the office everyone gets a +10 to stats
because mythbusters is wonderful peer reviewed science and not a sensationalist TV show run by special effects experts.
Fact: people who work at McDonald's are hamburger experts.
You seem to be stuck in time, if you need help call The Doctor.
STFU you Fascist!
There's volcanoes in Britain?
Careful now, mentioning they're racist is in and of itself racist.
I'm so triggered by this
Well you forgot
Thanks!
My vote would be for "What's Crackin'?"
Ll bean
The creation of the SRS sub of course!
Because everything needs to be a gif on Tumblr.
It's pretty shitty no
Oh wow, that's new!
That Pirlo guy must really suck to make a mistake like that!
Therefore, success leads to Scientology.
What a title, a very complex issue is summed up in a 500 word report on a website, this guy has it all figured out.
Let's see if US will call for sanctions against EU for escalating the conflict.
Remember guys ESPN already said that he wouldn't mind living in Minnesota because he already grew up in Canada, basically the same place!
Because Ares is a goddess?
Thats about a drawing
Wow, it's not everday that a senior Israeli cabinet member comes onto reddit to divulge the secret Zionist plans
So mature for his age.
Ok I'll do a follow up post If I'm not in prison
90% chance you're an Alabama fan
Eh, fuck Sudan, no one cared about them anyhow.
vampirics too stronk, can't has cleave.
Bad alpha, no more 'roids for you.
I would have suspected East Indian kids.
Are these your photos?
Beat me but still was shocking granted much higher than 10-15 still
I dropped my
Damn hippies
Work on the first one, it's not the master piece the others are
Clearly misogyny and oppression are more important to the patriarchy than money shitlord!
Target has them.
You mean leaving a 7 footer for birdie isn't post worthy?
who?
Political correctness gone mad.
Tell that to the punisher.
JV Squad, brah
They are not crazy; they use the articles of their own and of their friends to prove themselves right!
Yeah I too prefer waiting 15 minutes for an invasion to get one shot insta-backstabbed.
Yes, you are, you special snowflake
I, too, hate clicking things to do +100% or more damage.
McGloin will finally get a chance at playing Keenum since McGloin didn't get to play in that bowl game.
Ahh, they must be using the same 'netcode' as EA/Dice in BF4
I hope all that sanity hurts.
But the 15 year old was an honors student who just fell in with a bad crowd
YOUR NAZI TRADEMARKS HAVE NO POWER HERE.
throwaways brah
But you are clearly a bigot for not praising their "bravery."
I just ate there a week ago... damn
Have you tried it?
Best of both worlds, Comic Sans!
Looking at history, there is obviously no reason to believe this to be the case.
I'm sure this looks great on mobile
Why are you on the libertarian page?
so they can buy more precious metals!
Or pus oozing from some sort of infection.. Hawt.
Activiosion Blizzard really needs that support
IT'S LEGAL BECAUSE THEY'RE ANIMATED, NO I'M NOT A PAEDOPHILE YOU PERVERT JESUS THIS ISN'T EVEN REAL
They rejoice cause now they have someone else to buy in a couple years
So foul.
702 viewers are brainwashed sheeple.
Wow I had no idea the cars really did move that fast at 4am!
Right.
But you're better than the rest of your generation, naturally.
and of course the poisoned well they'll be standing beside while foreclosing on widows and orphans, of course
INVOLUNTARY CELIBATES ARE A REAL ISSUE AND NOT AT ALL JUST EXTREMELY CREEPY GUYS GETTING MAD ON THE INTERNET
zero tolerance wins again...just remember its for your kids benefit
Ironic if he ends up being 5 feet and 80 pounds
So that must be why microsoft bought rare?
Now I know the only attractive personality for a woman is to be a complete doormat who fully accepts people being rude jackasses.
I really don't find this to be the case.
Because children should be cherished and spoiled no matter how inconsiderate they act.
It isn't pretty anymore!
The hitbox for the usp is large so you can shoot the usp easily
Rightfully so!
Then you sold it and bought a ps4 because configuring with files and adding mods and upgrading was too much of a hassle and consoles are just plug n play amiright
Yes, if this site needed anything it was a downvote gif
The perfect movie to help you get over a breakup.
We'll be at the mercy of the trains, but we're aiming for 3.
Twitch Plays Pokemon
this thread is truly the epitome of race relations
Oh, that won't start some fresh hell...
Fear of Modi is a little too apparent.
I own a copy of the Matrix on VHS from when it originally came out.
Yeah but Liberal and Labor are just as bad as each other.
I don't hate Roma, but I hate all Roma Rights Activists because I once met one on reddit who was an extremist.
And Lebron never flops, because he doesn't play a pussy sport like soccer!
Simply... smashing.
Thanks for contributing to the conversation
how many people must die from bird flu until we start making vaccinations mandatory!
Rossi ranch hand
I want these dicks to stop being dicks to me on the internet
She probably, like, doesn't even care.
*nods*
Too soon
Well, they shouldn't dress in such a way that makes people want to lure them.
At least you have your priorities straight.
Thanks dude that was the look I was going for
But saving $5 on 6 Plex is a GREAAAAT deal.
Because it's the nice thing to do!
Well yeah, the UK hates Italians.
But I like leaving my 1-star ratings that say "OMG GUYS, IT DONT WERK, DOENT DOWNLOAD, ITS CRAPP" that give no indication of what doesn't work or is wrong, or make any attempt at trying to rectify the problem...
Technically, it's a 50% chance, it either will hit the camera or won't.
Truly sound fiscal management!
that was a very unbiased piece!
Can we change Florida City to "the nearby republic of the keys"?
Oh my gosh I can't believe this happened!
Send me your emails and passwords and I will fix everything up for you.
protect the vatican?
But isn't Catholic Online a world renowned and trusted source of primary economic data?
You wouldn't download a car.
Or dig a nice big hole.
Not if you get costo insulin in bulk.
If they are "shithole" countries,why don't you leave then?
Gotta admit... it's weird to see the Ravens faded out already.
Geforce 7100 to 290x
I love this sub and I love you all.
The mother should have her ass kicked, for refusing to believe her daughter.
Yeah, well Dave and Steve aren't very common female names in UK.
Wrong round of the draft, but yeah.
Goddammit OP, that title confused the shit out of me.
Amazing performance, but Boobie still needed to score 31 to close them out in game six.
This is the largest Ebola outbreak in recorded history.
I like how you think every kid is planned, OP.
How does he drink and drive if his car is totaled?
Go back to your attic and write something your journal!
Best PR strategy being relatable and owning up to the mistake, who would a thought.
Look at mr logical here.
Comment grave yard below
LiveMeme does a bunch of cute little things like that.
Everyone is worked up over the ABC- Yet no one says a thing about the BOLT REPORT, or 2GB radio?
Did you use a baby bottle at school?
well we already know how he does with shittier o-line, just fine.
I didn't find anything there that I would argue against.
what carrier do you want?
Down vote this shit... I am NOT in the mood for hipster fucking irony right now.
*too much on the military
Led Zeppelin Pearl Jam Pink Floyd
I can use the preheat option on my microwave but it's because it's has an oven option.
Goodbye Miro enjoy post hockey life
Wtf is bit4me?
Lateral movement... The Tueller drill only applies if you stand there like an idiot.
Depends greatly on your school and teachers.
No we can't, because tenacity is op.
And it seems to have worked.
Woodson black jerseys
Yeah, because Smyrna is such a wonderful city untouched by any sort of criminal activity.
Sell it to the canadians.
It's the bass riff.
250mg of anhydrous caffeine, 1.23g/cc (it's not quite that precise, but in the 1.2 range)
Probably not.
I just hope it will be constantly updated and not just released for the sake of an english version, I guess the discrepancies between the ENG and JP version are translation related.
Cut him some slack, he couldn't even feel his feet
This guy = edgy.
And Funyons.
I still use my Wii even though I have a Wii U. I can't play most of my games on the Wii U because we have a US Wii and a UK Wii U.
If you cannot appreciate a dude who calls himself Captain Redbeard while going down on your periody mess then you're the one not ready for a relationship...
The Free Syrian Army is coming over in droves.
Hey, fuck you.
A minecraft world has greater surface area than the moon.
I just fapped so I was good, but it was still fuckin' hot.
What if it worked, now that would be unexpected
I realized that when me and a friend went down to test for Lee County EMS... I never did encounter a *nice* area while I was there... Then again, try Bradentucky / Manatee County :D **Edited for Bradentucky
yupp!
Yeah maybe a replay system
so, you're saying Modi is communal?
In my own experience, if you have muscular arms, those things are just uncomfortably restricting.
Have you listened to the latest Bonobo album?
War, war never changes.
If I'm not mistaken Chevrolet recently stopped selling cars in the UK, but kept the sponsorship deal because of United's international appeal, especially in Asia.
Huh do you have a video of this?
That's so romantic.
Justin Bieber = lucrative teenybopper PPV money!
Nice they let them know ahead of time
No soy chavista, pero la explacion es obvia, el gobierno ahora provee un excelente transporte publico en todos los rincones del pais, por consiguiente ya nadie necesita comprar carros, y de esta manera mejorando la economia y el ambiente.
that gave me shivers down my spine comrade
Toasted Roast Beef Sandwich and Parmesan Twists.
Whenever there's 3 balls in the count, we all shout ballllll fourrrr and point to first base.
CCGs are pay2win, more at 11.
You mean Han actually shot first?
PewDiePie
Nobody should ever have to pretend they're working when there's no work to be done.
Iptables?
If this year's draft is better than next years, and to get someone into the team right now so they can start developing him.
That sort of sounds like all roads that aren't toll roads are Marxist.
Mirror?
They should pay you for this, its that good IMO.
as long as there is 3 spaces between same kind pens, they won't interfere.
Yet it was EU\US who orchestrated the whole Ukrainian "revolution".
My idea of hell.
Reddit is fun does!
In a way he's doing her a favour by letting her know how crappy of a person he is right off the bat instead of further down the line.
Hey, those people in sweatshops aren't slaves; they're *choosing* that work, so it can't be so bad.
who would have thought not paying taxes on items makes things cheaper
Click on the word logarithms for a cool easter egg.
Happy math America!
What if the red dot is a lie?
You're right, all girls should only wear turtlenecks so guys don't get distracted, because we know guys have no self control and can't focus on anything else but boobs right?
If only there were someone in power who could actually do something about it
I'm Ivanov Glass and this is, "This Ruskie Life"
He just wants to grind destiny and throw the game against NV!
Hey, white people started saying it first!
Still learning new things.
I think that's fine, just as long as you don't then post to reddit about the things you find (as there's a 99% chance everyone already knows about it)
Finally, something not good for bitcoin!
But in the end Ackbhar won and ended the Galactic Empire
That is exactly the kind of thing someone with Ebola would say.
I downvoted you, scoundrel.
We call it... "The neutrino expander"
JUST so i know its you
What hellish butthole of reddit did you dig this out from?
Is it sad that I actually have him in my starting lineup against Mike James' owner?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that it's the highest level player that holds it
Maybe he himself didn't understand the complicated processes but didn't want anyone to realize that.
Sorry forgot the
Sue her for damage to private property.
I think as long as you do as much as possible on your part to figure out as much stuff as you can then there's really no harm in looking up stuff here and there.
I fucking knew you were MinecraftSoup!
I feel your pain :(
No, this is Patrick.
Origami is beautiful and the Sharks aren't, so your comparison doesn't quite work here.
Because all football fans hate soccer, enjoy baseball and are ambivalent about hockey.
Yup, can't sign in, but was working about 90 minutes ago.
Rubbish*
As far as I know, there's no clause in the Ontario Landlord-Tenant Act requiring a landlord to notify residents of a new resident.
Turtle Has built it quite a few times
But if they both sent pics then they both created and distributed CP but only the boy is being charged with anything.
Yes because their playstyle doesnt need to change at all.
Looks like a normal day for me ^I ^know ^I ^am ^grazy
Touchscreens for a flights sim.
The jets ;)
inspired you to do what, exactly?
that's an awesome motto.
No, it's okay for fat people to make fun of other fat people, like how blacks can call other blacks the N word but no one else can.
Perhaps I should have added a
Right, since everyone has the same experience as you.
From Canada down to Mexico - if you look as the globe its all downhill
Steamworks on Portal 2 for PS3 was nice though
An investigator.
Yeah, clearly OP made it up and used photoshop to back up his claim.
So scary, terrorists with Fishbeds and Floggers.
In before "M-M-M-Michael Hastings!"
followed :)
Well there goes your guys season...
Yeah, because Starbucks *totally* needs the advertising...
CENSORSHIP MOD POWERGRAB POWER CORRUPTS MOD POWER CORRUPTS ABSOLUTELY SARKEESIAN IS EVIL ALSO THE JEW SOMEHOW
Summed up nicely, sadly...
Because we need a 2nd kicker, duh.
But brazer zen we are supporting ze Saudis!
But upscaling is the same as native 4k!
well, women are obviously too stupid to think for themselves, so they need the SJWs to do it, why would minorities be any different **for the love of god I shouldn't need a sarcasm tag, but still**
Me too.
But the McDonalds coffee lady!
But, we don't need to be smarter, we just need to be stronger so we can mine coal for longer!
Works fine for me.
It was a ghost tho
I'm very sarcastic in the real world..... I'm good if I see a
You gotta play with your Monitor off
This time with a little extra sketchiness on the side and a second paycheck in the background!
You know, because I'm sure that the people with the necessary money to buy the content and not pirate it would turn off the adblock
Unlike OnePlus...
Well if they went in a suit then they were appropriating white culture!
I beat gta 4 on my old laptop in 16 frames per second AMA
duh does not make your statement any more valid, trying to imply your argument is tautological by childish insults only weakens your own position.
DAE like unavoidable 1shots le so hardcore softcore plebs
OP's a big fat phony!
I like to think they haven't given him anything yet and he's just been shitting on The Miz's matches for two weeks now just because he wants to.
Wonderful, not like I'm going there any time soon...
I am still so angry.
Dang it Woody.
because crimes and murders are only ever committed by asylum seekers and never permanent residents ever
You don't say...
mostly.
HAHAHAHAHA
Good correction.
Yeah, because Infinity Ward are so shitty and just produce the worst games right?
If he doesn't like it he can leave.
This would be perfect if the main character wasn't Shrek.
xD no they aren't lol
Yeah, like how Fox and Falco were clones in Melee and only one of them ever sees any competitive play.
That's a dapper cat!
You must be a crackpot conspiracy theorist if you think a super rich Jew is interested in controlling public opinion
My family doesn't go on long trips.
There were a few clips that showed how great our defense was
Ok grandpa, time for your nap...
Noob doesn't even flame shock before he tries to lava burst
That's why they downscaled it and hid all the files for PC because its too demanding for PCs only true gaming platforms like PS4 can run it
I'd love for him to be back, but after year's of being everyone's favorite scapegoat and trade bait, I think the man walks to whoever has money and championship possibilities.
*OFFENCE OFFENCE OFFENCE* WHATCOO GONNA DO NOW
This is beautiful story telling
you lookin for volunteers?
He could just sell all that ammo for $0.30/round and buy a Glock.
If you learn something but are not certified, did you really learn anything?
But hallucinogens accelerate evolution!
Yea, an awp definitely costs the same as a rifle.
Yeah you'd think his body would be so calm and steady after setting a world record and lifting a thousand pounds up, right?
And school cafeterias are made to produce wire coat hangers not at all to cook food for the student body........
That said, I just read another thread saying that you can split at 10.
You don't understand, you haven't self harmed yourself
I didn't know pulling out cost money?
Argentina was a major help to the allied powers, providing up to 70 percent of meat to the British Troops.
Yeah I'm so over the moon that he's on my team
Last I heard the penalty for looting was not having your arm broke
which is why they're desperate to rejoin the UK
Wow I'm going to be rich now thank you mister spammer
I think cars and airliners should have less security features, so that more people could afford them
Hey everyone, down vote this guy for not understanding a joke.
Oui chef!
There's no way they can find eye candy in Southern Cali
http://localhost:88/emblem-bot/index.php
Why you ungrateful peon, you should be praising all conservatives for allowing you the opportunity to pay back the society that tried to crush you outright.
but these things only happen once, right?
It's because PC gamers are all little kids and the real men(Girls don't play video games, duh) play on console, which could destroy any PC.
Our server is always down.
I'm definitely a 10/10 on a bad day, don't blame you.
Lambert so weak, can't even score against 2 GK
Well, this post is mature
WOW THIS IS UNUSUAL
Uninstall you fucking scrub.
Auto dealerships seem to always be hiring for sales people.
Bing costs as much as Google, and DuckDuckGo isn't even listed..
Yes, because this kid just threw on a teletubbies costume because all of his other clothes were in the wash...
Probably because all gay men think that shoes are just fabulous
Damn, so it didn't matter at all those changes
Except if you are debating 19th century European politics with you peers over a glass of brandy
Wait, he didn't already?
I think he's talking about taking a year off, crafting an elaborate collage (yet a very small collage, a "*junior* collage," some might say), and then taking that to the architecture department to see if it'll raise his GPA.
Funny, especially the first ^^smokemarijuana half..
Any idea how she got that rich?
Lost his passion for the game.
Too bad crime laws would be eliminated under all basic income proposals.
Sorry I can't today I have to watch football and dancing with the stars will be on later.
I am shocked and surprised that he would be so against Arsenal
Considering I have to pay extra for my luggage, it's nice that they don't charge me for the molestation.
I won't cheat with such discount, WTF VOLVO PLZZZZZZ
Which can be clearly understandable from pictures
OH NO, SOMEONE LEFT A BAD COMMENT, WHATEVER SHALL WE DO
Yup, legal in Belgium
It is, you simply need to use
You must not criticise religion you intolerant racist!
I think they should tone her W down so it has the same cooldown as her ult and make it do no damage so its just used for the root cause Lissandra is so broken right now and I don't think I'll ever play this game again until they nerf her...
No it doesn't, all men are pussies if they are abused at all.
what do you mean *whoosh*
Oh boy more guns, that is exactly what i was hoping for.
Women have no more humanity than the last piece of pie in the kitchen.
What a very normal conversation you had.
More proof that pot kills.
That militarized spot is clearly NATO's fault
IKR let's vote for both of them because they are so good to our city!
More man-to-man coverage?
Yeah, bit they're a corporation, so fuck them.
Mine's the Crosshair IV formula, so it does have an AM3, but then they switched to the FM sockets not long after.
And he was right again, what a coincidence!
And spelling
you should just *ask them really nice*
Putin said so last night
Pointing without a thumb sticking up=hammerless revolver
Well, people believe only what Aamir Khan says.
because she wasn't wearing a helmet.
Yep, all he needs is 5-10 years experience and he's set!
You could also call it macgyvering in reference to the show.
But hitler didn't cause any problems..
Lol, yes, that will 100% work in non-Western restaurants.
for good reason probably
Don't be so fast to dismiss the idea ... I bet she could teach you some shit.
what a shocker!...
Am I the only one that didn't know we had a right to hit women?
Into a lake that's part of the largest reserve of fresh water (a rapidly diminishing resource) on the surface of the earth.
Yes, keep the evil film industry out of our parks!
Ok if Thanatos is not hard to play then wy do people die with him?I mean if his 1 can kill every god in the game why do people die with him?It's so easy to hit his 1!.
Yes because you need to dress that way to please him.
Obviously
Because she spent 4 years at Juilliard and that's real acting you peasant!
But the screenshot says it was only posted 5 hours ago!
PowerPCs always were the best processors!
It's hard to deny how talented Quick is but when he pulls shit like this it just solidifies my intense dislike of the LA Kings org and Quick himself.
But it has gold wheels
But stance makes dem titties bounce.
I'm sorry about your loss, OP.
I hear those payday loan places are worthwhile
but haven't you heard, US sales are the only ones that matter, and XB1 was leading in December.
Nothing beats good ol' vanilla!
I remember reading that Google got it's massive amounts of data from the GOOG-411 service, and then shut that service down once they felt they had more phonemes recorded than they could need.
You know this doesn't remind me of RuneScape at all....
But we already have a talented big receiver!
It's because your parents spanked you, you have grown to be afraid of expressing yourself.
This has to be the unpopular opinion I've ever seen.
They sure showed Schottenheimer...
Apparently he also lost a sense of style...
TIL Espurr is a cat.
The system works!
But his noble intentions should protect him!
Man, wish I had voted for Romney/Ryan
But City were outclassed and Arsenal were so unlucky!
Way to make an effort....
...because the riot police and snipers are there for peaceful reasons and would just like to participate in the democratic process.
I was unfulfilled!
Thanks I've never heard any of this before...............
And in mixed genres, too!
Gotta put those skills to good use!
Yea guys lets downvote him because he answered the question with a different opinion than ours!
Foxtube for iOS works great.
Let's see the PS4 version of Planetside do this, peasants!
It's nice to see empirical evidence that psychological projection is really a thing.
Yes because HiRez is sticking strictly to lore when building/balancing gods...
Well yeah, who doesn't have $300 laying around?
Lol poor people don't deserve culture amirite?
That's why world bosses with 1 million health are locked the moment you hit it with 2000 damage.
I someone says they are police just trust them and do whatever they say, especially if they have a windbreaker that says police
So much this!
comedy gold
He plays basketball for the Pelicans
Yeah, having random internet strangers telling you what you need to do will help you learn.
* Overwrites ~/.ssh/authorized_keys by default * Generates its own keypair by default * Uses SSH library other than OpenSSH There's no way this will become a target for hackers!
CoC is pretty expensive where I come from
Um.. I'm willing to bet that it was for suggesting that less than 15% was an acceptable tip in a group full of servers.
We need a medical tricorder!
It must suck dreaming you're Garfield.
Sounds a lot more like a positive feedback loop.
I'm genuinely laughing well done
Does anyone else think it'd be cool to go back to the day where guys wore hats like that all the time?
Or transgender
BROTHERS OF CONTRUCTION, and their new rivals, the Property Brothers on HGTV.
3,000 US Marines to start liking facebook posts.
[](/fut8)I told no one about it!
DB Cooper, Zodiac, and Chinese Tank Standing Guy
You're a fucking loser if that is the best you can do.
Since when were you under the impression...that I wasn't using genjutsu?
I lulled.
How's TRP going for you?
Because calling Labor spineless is an insult to invertebrates?
For the longest time I thought Carmen was a place in San Diego.
No silly, that's Arin!
VERY less racism
What...are you saying that the stress on condoms and safe sex is wrong?
I don't need to write it down, I'll remember it
Oh yeah Manziel's stock is so high right now.
He should've built feral flare if it was that hard to gank.
The sadder thing is, behavior like this causes people to lose trust in ALL police.
At first I assumed it was supposed to be a silloette (sorry can't spell it and phones spell checker is awful) but now I'm not sure...
Yeah perfect textbook socialism right here
Their Ciggy Marley's excellent (and discontinued.)
Don King
I dunno, are you sure about that?
Whether something is true or not is irrelevant to whether it's judgmental.
I was going to choose team 1, but you said to pick a team to, so team 2
There should be a line item on all property tax bills showing how much is allocated to paying settlements for "abuse by cop".
Bro, do you even search?
Besides being fake, people who back into spots are assholes.
That moment when you know someone's a heel, but still can't help but love them.
I have a Vox, I like it, but I am never able to get that smooth sexy sound that a tube amp can give you.
Working at abercrombie and fitch for two months and doing this non-stop has forever burned it into my memory.
Nude Woman ....
They were camping us, lol.
I keep coming back to this subreddit to tell myself, I ain't watching that shit lol
Thanks man!
Can anyone tell me where Fear is please?
Well at least she could still bring home dinner when she was working too late to stop by a restaurant!
*now empty car causes pile-up on freeway*
Long shot, but does anyone have her phone number?
I wonder how Sprint fits into this then.
In the absence of persecution, the individual must fabricate persecution.
Tulpas are intentionally created, the general idea is kind of like an imaginary friend that over time becomes autonomous
Given who you're asking, I'd say somewhere between 0 AD to around 33 AD.
both situations are disgusting.
No link to the art):?
...also
It's not like Ajax and Barcelona have a history or anything, or like Barcelona have an affinity for dutch players, or coaches, for that matter.
USC hasn't completed its investigation yet.
True, but no.
Mark was a DC?
$30 million cost is a 10% increase in costs.. not so cheap.
I'm so proud to see that this doesn't have any downvotes.
Not since survivor was popular for those few years, that's about it.
Just wondering if you are saving it... or ...
When you close the account, let us know what loop hole they use to charge back the $150.
14/10 would play again 4ever -ign
That's sick.
Red tide rolls in every 28 days (if you are lucky).
And when sometimes boss characters become party members, they also get the puny treatment
In NZ you can.
I assume "every single window" means about 2 windows in this case, right?
instead of warriors we could be the EBs - egalitarian barbarians
If Seattle moved to Oklahoma City, you could make the division bit tidier.
test = failed
Finger to the throat means death
He's got a lot on his mind
Apparently not.
I didn't say we should never bother.
Obstetrician.
I always knew Payton was a little mini Belichick.
Akita?
I can't imagine why a podiatrist - someone you see for foot pain - would care about how much weight you're carrying on your frame.
Most of them mostly walk not run.
massive surprise
Upvoted for terrible person then downvoted for terrible pun.
add me on Skype: kallerotmg
I love Ratto.
Dreamcast had the most comfortable controller to hold, I miss it.
The "Literally God" Tier
sproles + hilton in my mind.
IT'S NOT RAWCIST IF IT'S TRUUU!
That's nice... I mean it's not like it's offering a different viewpoint while intending not to be condesending or whatever.
3 out of 4 ain't bad
It's possible that Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver could be Inhumans.
Because people with differing opinions would be a most horrid thing.
almonds+bananas will fix this in almost everyone taurine if not
Oberoi also appeared in "Omkara" and "Saathiya" - both movies are pretty decent
:(
have the culture you want to be have the most base tax then every other culture and the capital must be on a prov that has the culture
No Babylon 5 on Blu Ray....sigh.... I'd sell your soul for B5 on Blu!
I don't believe you but you still gave me a good laugh anyways.
Of course people don't care about global warming, it's too damn cold outside!
But you can't circlejerk to that!
Because all I've ever heard anyone do to prove a point is to use personal anecdotes.
Yeah being enticed to spend money on something you enjoy is clearly worse than being forced or sold into the sex trade which can lead to disease, addiction and unwanted pregancy.
I would watch a Trek series with a cast of cardboard boxes at this point.
Fixed text formatting
Tate
Yeah, it doesn't work.
Thank God we had a quality loss unlike SCAR.
But they turn their hazards on, that makes it ok right?
They're on to me.
Please, you mean Mexicans...
wow, what a lady killer.
[Exactly, who else is going to heal all the fodder!?]
Can someone explain what's actually going on here.
I would love this too as i could play less and farmers could be integrated and then take over the market place and then i can just pay them Real money to skip grinds
Luckily caffeine isn't bad for you!
Reminds me of starcraft where the little robots and animals would blow up if you clicked them a bunch :D
I'm not saying I think that btw.
Who better to understand the dangers of children playing outside than adults, who themselves played outside as children?
Mice in Australia are murderous little assholes Source; I'm Aussie
Medieval fencer here, gotta love that reach.
This is hilarious and I've never seen this before.
I can't believe you weren't turned on by "Blue Steel"... I'm a guy and I felt a strange twitch!
I hate to agree :/
But why when you can get that sweet one word karma?
Just block them.
You know I think i should get a job soon...
Thanks for the pics.
Yeah, people make mandrel-bent intakes at home all the time.
I know someone with a toddler who broke an IBM Model M!
Thrn salute it.
Yeah, fuck the lower middle class, at least they're not po'!
yeah really
Shit, no, I meant my boner *fuck* no, of course, what I'm trying to say is my trouser snake, the school's mascot.
The gay agenda has just gone too far.
k , looking forward to that
Not really, we had all those weeks in the offseason, too
Wish you had no hands
Yes, let's silence people because we don't like what they say
shit, i knew i'd forget one
DESKPOP!
Yeah, Shane Tommy and Gunshy were TOTALLY not the best EU players at the time
That one legged landing tho
He did Got an unusual Still wants karma
He strikes again!
I'm unaware if they even bothered to debate each other?
Things will get much much better after the TIME/Warner+Comcast marriage I'm sure
Wow cultural appropriation much.
He IS a secret Muslim after all
Yeah, cause gun control isn't totally violent or anything
He forgot the
Turns out, everything is terrorism now.
Serious question: what are speed hackers?
Should be this weekend, but not confirmed yet
Such a disgrace
Lead the revolution Cock, I mean Cook.
The Muslim world is based on catcalling obviously!
He shall be.......
I don't know if I could turn down a satanic bloodletting ritual tbh
temp er airy
SPOILER [He loses in 2007]
Because Colton Orr and Fraser McLaren are superior 4th liners.
least of all would I trust a PR campaign
What kind of cigar do gay men smoke after their raunchy and hardcore sex?
I hope you just forgot your
WHY DONT YOU ASK OBAMA
We had attack, it's just he was supposed to be playing defense
Gates open
It's clearly a Chinese medicine cabinet
to many messages to bother writing to you again Sending, definitely not receiving.
Thanks, very informative, especially your counter-arguments to loiter time.
Best way to counter invisibility is with more invisibility.
Investment banking
I hear Nine Inch Nails did a pretty good cover of that song.
Makes me wanna hug you.
But what about aircraft that are flying 8 inches off the ground!
Yep
Suuuuuure they do.
I'll cash in on this karma.
Yay sexism!
Just use the Onion browser, its the worlds safest way to block the NSA from spying on you
It's because the Sultan of Brunei has a sweet collection of cars.
HOW DARE YOU INSULT THE CERVIX POUNDER YOU CUNT!
The Mormons already believe the Jews live here (Native Americans).
No, you're not important enough to hate, Atheists save up their hate energy for Muslims, Christians need to take a number.
Disagreement with the norm = homophobia.
WHAT DO YOU THINK POVERTY IS FREEDOM, DO YOU THINK HAVING TO PAY OFF $420000 STUDENTS LOANS IS FREEDOM DO YOU THINK GETTING SCREWED THE MASSIVE LAISSEZ FAIRE GOVERNMENT BACKED CABLE MONOPOLIES IS FREEDOM?
why would that destroy the neck?
oh thx couldnt read, enjoy your free karma, cause u definately need it
But everything here is super serious and no one ever makes jokes and they're really that dumb.
Wow, I really don't agree, and that's the point of the thread... Cheers!
I know what will get him back, more air strikes.
Steam has 75 million members, so you were pretty close.
I will discredit your accomplishment with my own comment about how you ONLY completed an inversion with a 500 degree rotation.
You get a downvote for not understanding how calories work.
This song sucks balls
Because they are 100% honest about their dubious past on their own website.
I deny you your satisfaction, you Justice Social Warrior.
I thought the same thing regarding Lane!
The grass should be greener.
But then sluts could have consequence free sex!
Yeah, see France and Britain for proof of this
It's obvious he would choose United over Real because they are already stacked in his position and he would start immediately at United.
Honestly I can not refute a single point he makes
BRB off to kill my twin.
Why don't you check your white cis male privilege, shitlord, and then ask that question again to yourself.
Please take this blatantly racist filth somewhere else.
Conclusion: Religion is a communist social welfare programming
Then they could add body guards so you dont have to shoot either... then you dont even have to be home to play.
But then the Russians will steal our credit cards.
You're forgetting one crucial thing, it's not sexist if it's against a man.
No CS for de Gea... Yay
Yeah, your anecdotes really shines a new light on the economy.
Spermjacking, I *knew* it!
Man, this is really going to influence my grandparents browsing habits.....
Yea well that's just like a comment of his.
My young grandson kindly volunteers his time to lurk reddit for me.
wut
Because we're such a peaceful people.
This should be deleted since its not gaming related.
This always happens for the Steam Holiday Sale for Bioshock 1 and Bioshock 2, WAKE UP SHEEPLE
Aw, I think it's cute!
It's full of CD's
Yeah because blowing a small amount first on whatever the fuck you like isn't a slippery slope at all.
nope, you're the only person among millions of esports followers who are excited for the next split
I can't stand people who make mistakes!
If my internet connection is faster do my prayers get answered faster?
Darn.. If would have only called my congress man this would have been avoided...
you forgot the
stop snitchin u bitch ass fake ass nigga
How dare I not submit to my one true purpose in life!
that poor poor brg car, you ruined it huntsman.
I don't like Paris Hilton either.
Yup, that is exactly what I was doing
What could you have to complain about?
'cause lord knows world class digital infrastructure in no way facilitates trade or innovation.
Yeah, I forgot the
Yeah, you were an idiot.
Wow, Mario Kart DS looks a lot better than I remember!
Women enjoy sex?
Time to fix BF2 netcode: 1.5 year Yes that a good improvement... :)
Flawless logic.
I can't wait to pay $150 for the full game
Thank god we just field tested a new ballistic missile defense system so we can defend the Pacific bathtub.
I thought they were just moody and we don't get them.
nooooooo, if something truly terrible happens to you like that you can never ever get over it
Little known fact: most Supreme Court decisions are based on spite.
But.. but.. shrill laughter is so 2spoopy4me
So it's not sexist it's ableist.
Keeping more of your own money and stealing other peoples money are most definitely the same thing.
I'd really love to read that if someone has a link or knows the name of the story.
Can Revis play safety?
Same principle as the steering on a train.
420 praise it bro.
Nah, he wasn't the one who carried us through the games for the FA cup...
cool, thanks for pointing me towards the hack!
Well this was all in response to a guy who said "prolly lives on a large area of land," so I assumed we were all thinking of a farm or the like
If Bernier was in net he would've saved that.
I praise the Flying Spaghetti Monster, but no meatballs because vegan...
Needs more hatching.
I think the knot that sits on her breasts is supposed to sit where the gore is and the bow-shaped part that goes from right to left is supposed to cover the breasts - in cups from A to C, bc who needs larger?
Because, as we've learned throughout the decades of this war on drugs, increasing penalties decreases use.
just keep yelling it, everyone will come around to our better way of thinking
What else are you going to do with all that disposable income from free healthcare?
Ohh victim blaming on reddit, color me surprised, I was so not expecting this.
How dare they bring back popular things, grr!
Oh man, you are soooooo cool.
Yeah, this is a standard part of my routine!
You racist!
Gay marriage is homophobic because marriage is a tool of the heteronormative heteroarchy!
MODS RUIN GAMES!
Filthy independent.
There's actually a bodega called "POPEYES SMOKE SHOP" a few streets south of me, with slightly poorly spaced letters, which I am constantly reading as "POPE YES SMOKE SHOP."
Nuh uh, for online banking!
It's not a war crime when you're fighting terrorism.
not sure if
Everyone is, it's actually a global plot against Venezuela because we are the best country in the world, every country wants to take us down.
Well done, it is a good thing you were here to do the maths otherwise I would have struggled.
Welcome to the surveillance state.
Philip K. Dick wrote Blade Runner originally.
Interesting, I didn't know people thought you had to sit there and watch updates.
Why not, they seem like scholarly gentlemen
Man, how could you not, with all the flaming success he's managed over the years at State.
Do they have crime alerts in NYC?
Perhaps, in defense of marriage, we should ban their life style choice.
No, we literally have to BEAT that woman for taking her dog along to run an errand.
But...but...but its a model and models are always right!
Gave him one just to make you look dumb lol
Just think what Lin could do if he wasn't holding him back
In other words, don't be diabetic during a police encounter or you'll be shot or tazed.
Especially if your new to it
You must not own a mirror then
Oh, well then that other guy was definitely lying.
But it is a good thing we enacted those Keynesian policies.... think how much worse we would be.
Wow I wonder who could be behind this?
I think it was about 15.
Thought so.
There are idiotic people alive
I Like the Idea of Volgin being Part of Some sort of Hallucination thought up by BB, Or perhaps an illusion made by little Mantis
Actually they probably have plat internmonkeys that grind the accounts for them.
Wow, I guess my parents just had a better relationship than other people.
The fuck are you talking about?
Maybe he thought he'd woo you with his honesty and straightforwardness.
*Damnit Ross*...
Given enough time and isolation of your breeding population, you'll be able to effect enough genetic drift to domesticate pretty much any animal.
I would assume that, if it's coming at all, it'll be around the time the first DLC drops or... as some say... the second piece of the original game.
Get into a field of work that you enjoy, can be very successful in, and then work extremely hard every day.
He was in the last 12 months of 2013.
I like how unfair is in quotes, as if the judge hadn't actually ruled on it and it was still a question.
Snow tires are mandatory in Germany when driving in snow.
I'll be watching it for Norm Mcdonald
Standard scoring I like Miller more
Shoutout to the skipper for all the vital equalisers.
Yes unfortunately you do.
you can cuss on the internet your mom isn't going to punish you
No problem
Gotta say, Natalie Dormer in my bed with a cat for cuddling is my idea of heaven
I believe they said that when they introduced the metal clan.
BACKSLASH BACKSLASH BACKSLASH BACKSLASH BACKSLASH BACKSLASH BACKSLASH BACKSLASH BACKSLASH BACKSLASH
Don't worry, after our top 3 pick next year the fans here will still be on board the "We're still 3-5 years away, but we're almost there fellas!
2121 - Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum are still kicking it, but this time, they're in space...
But seriously, how does this happen?
if you spend your entire life saving money sure, but you wont be getting free payouts anymore like most current retired people.
Yeah, I didn't realize telling the truth is apparently a dick move.
Thank you kind sir.
zice si cum Muricani au destabilizat o intreaga regiune, sa aduca democratia?
Not very?
The taint of peace
lol omg totally
The full knowledge that some day I will die, as will everyone I know and love.
balnace
I wasn't counting playoffs.
Sorry, I wasn't meant to be arrogant, just did a Google search of the image?
These idiots will shit their pants at the first instance of war and violence.
I expect to hear reports of massive lay-offs and a crashing state economy any day now.
It's after midnight here, and I have to get up early, unless the Blazers go on a run, I'm heading to bed soon
Perhaps....
I think he means this: kindness the quality of being friendly, generous, and considerate.
nonono Arkansas is the only team that does that!
That's when you give him the thumbs up.
You're not a starving genderqueer trans child otherkin from Africa with downs syndrome and aids so you have no right to complain!
So I take it you love streaming games then!
It gets it from an Egg move obviously
shits fucked, soonTM
So if you have the choice of printrbot or qu-bd why pick qu-bd.
So what is George Carlin because I never found him funny.
Translation: "Lewis we want you back so I can retire"
12 hours m8, message when ready
We need to get humans to Mars.
Cool, an unabashed advertisement on Reddit.
Tits or you're not female ^^^
I'm surprised it's that little, considering that there are people who can do one-finger one-armed pullups.
While I'm not a fan of the death penalty, I think that, like the offering of parole hearings even for those who will probably never get it, that it probably does serve a role as a bargaining chip, especially during the initial trial of the person, or again, to keep them in line while in prison.
:frogout:
So it's racist to the extent it's incorrect but not racist to the extent it's correct?
Now that's a flavor of crazy I'd stick my dick into!
Some creatures a lot like this are in Civilization: Beyond Earth.
Activision, not Sony.
Master of Puppets?
Amazon?
Because I'm sure abusive parents and are a step up from Goku
The OP means by using a point system which WCS currently uses.
*friend's cat is
Easily my favorite city on the planet.
But Spartacus isn't going to get himself.
Yeah but see adults have to be responsible for themselves Kids can just run home to mom and dad which can create more issues
Yes turn all of all the electricity from your house or you'll get struck!
Dude if they lost the war, then the clearly started it.
Man, fuck Portland.
But Kimi is not using simulators, what why?
The question is, from what.
That's not really the case anymore, whenever I go on Norsk now its filled with lvl 50 and unders.
Hey Ebola is huge lets make a vaccine
Thanks
Gang rape isn't sold legally on store shelves presenting itself as something it isn't though.
Soooo... Your boyfriend is the one with problems?
Behemoth has a really cool social community and the friendliest players I've ever met.
/thatsthejoke
herr derr in 'mericah they would have shot it then beat it
Bit coin miners
Why of course?
you forgot the
It's okay because Chelsea only has 6 defenders!
If you can't get a quick Uber, use Kabbee instead, you'll get very similar rates.
It's something that rarely happens, you're acting like XBL is down 3 times a week.
So....remote desktop?
I look forward to FTTP
Even Big Zam?
Once again I ask, who the fuck is selling e-cigs to kids?
Danny Trejo after dabbing?..
Well, make fun out of her for watching pointless garbage.
wow, such add, very edgy
You're right; emotional availability has nothing to do with the long term health of relationships.
How about a mode where some NPC - lets call him John Spoonfeeder for now - just gives you all the items you want?
Unless you were born with innate knowledge of English so are you.
Xin concurs.
157 minutes
Or I haven't been this excited since Titanic came out in theatres!
but it's tasteful.
Sliding uphill is fun
C'mon, everybody knows that BBC personnel rape children; they don't fabricate news.
Older women *are* sexy.
Wasn't the "Six Finger Plan" s5?
Obviously people don't know their Bibles as well as they'd like to think sometimes.
Obviously Riot must ban them from the World Championship and forfeit their win against TSM.
Thanks, Tim Kurkjian.
And you would have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for you meddling SJWs!
randomly
This song single-handedly got me to appreciate Hardstyle.
The vocalist is female.
More like, you should step back and examine your life if you feel the need to make such stupid emblems.
That's just excessive.
This comment brought to you by pointing out the futility of applying real physics to super hero universes.
That's my state &lt;3
But she chose you
I was thinking this or a maroon color would work.
Yeah, thanks for re-saying exactly what he said.
Well, the men have to step in because the women obviously failed at it
Women...
IBM/Lenovo ThinkPad keyboards are mechanical, so I imagine the switches will be similar to that.
He was so young and so free of worry, He's an old man now
You wouldn't download a car, and you wouldn't 3d print a thermonuclear detonator.
TIL advertising is evil mind control.
Maybe your username has something to do with the rejection.
Oh boy, would love to know what the "joke" was
Oh you got him good
clearly op is racist
Yes, those state side part time deployments are killers.
It's not like we haven't been bathed in it for the last three months.
Ah yes the Hercules pirate skin, my favorite.
Yes, it's because reasonable people haven't joined to force we are stuck with psychopaths.
I didn't realize they had camera's this good in 1770, is this colorized?
Yes because terror attacks can only be from foreign people, it's not like Americans could join ISIS and want to attack us.
Yeah something from 4 years ago is super relevant in this discussion!
He kept his promise, and delivered two years early!
I got a little pissed after my third press of the messages button yielded no results, I'm not a smart man.
Dress for the job you want, not the job you have ;-)
I think this is the most crazy comment here
Oh please, giving orgasms to my gf is secondary to me listening about the women at work she dislikes.
If it takes 4 weeks to go to a clinic, you're doing it wrong.
I too love shanking people when I go out for a night of non-fatal fun.
I am surprised to see a comment in this subreddit critical of the humor of OP get downvoted.
What about the little bits?
Well, obviously if you're on iOS7 you can take your 'calculator' as deep as you wish
They're happier because they don't have to carry the white man's burden
I love spamming explosives trough small corridors!
Racist
Too bad we can't pull a fire alarm on Reddit.
Because he should have stayed side by side while passing as long as possible, that is clearly the safest spot to be in.
Yes, that is why I cannot enjoy any art using the Internet, because it's being "painted" on my computer's screen and isn't the original.
Nailed it
Sarah Jessica Parker?
I want it pls
I'll no-scope 420 punch you, get rekt
So this obviously means he's in two walking boots now..... never trust coaches.....
Well *that's* a surprise.
So a 9mm?
Have you tried not looking 45 degrees west?
He can sell the houses to all the contractors who were brought in to refurbish these houses
This, its way better than most paid games!
tupamaros o colectivos parece que les dicen.
Well she's not a damn flamingo how do you think she's balances herself otherwise?
Yeah, all Americans are 15 times smarter than you europlebs
Baggy jeans and a metal shirt, bitch.
They're just stocking up, the "War on Christmas" is coming.
Honestly can't tell if this is Poe or real.
Just because they behead people doesn't make them a bad person.
wow much death
Double yes all right!
Yeah, no way you could save time in the 9 hours beforehand to still be ahead after a load.
The kind of box out that spits right in the face of The Man.
Who was given awards for his horrible awfulness.
But I thought this was all the fault of the homosexuals
#someoneisnew
Somewhat agree with this as well; as someone who will probably never get my MMR score (as a somewhat primarily yoloqueuer, I'm not a fan of having someone I don't know take over as Captain [or doing it myself], and I have a hateboner for All Pick), W/L is the only thing I can really look at, and - to be completely honest - Ability Draft can have a fair bit to do with luck of the draw (particularly in pick orders).
Well at least OP included a link to his prior art so we could all compare and contrast.
exactly.
I can't talk about it anymore; it's giving me a headache.
This is r/funny; he fits right in
I love Dabo, i think he's doing a great job, but 8 years is a long time- especially when the departure of Morris is on the horizon.
Gas pedal
I was so excited when I read Illinois, but sadly I live 3 hours away
I got black dhide chaps (g) and a royal gown top in the 2 clues I have done this so I would say it works.
Only on Xbox One.
But only CrossFitters are idiots.
As a Mexican American of 1/4 Huichol blood I believe in white supremacy!
But, but, drilling the bumper on my $70K car bro...
yeah, *THAT'S* why we need them, to protect the officers
How dare you call attention to variances in melanin production caused by ancestral proximity to the equator... racist...
That's an ankle lock son.
Wow, this is definitely the first time this has been posted!
Bill Hicks is definitely an idiot.
Her "skin of blackness" was only a metaphor which she outgrew.
dude you just need to practice with them, it's all in the micro
But their white so it's okay
So its a federal crime when a bakery won't make a wedding cake for a guy that takes in the rear, but a bank can turn away a girl for playing on the back nine and that's okay?
Great gun safety op!
more bondpairs in oil = more energy from oil
Spoken as someone who's never been objectified.
Because good scientific research only comes from military spending and research right?
Whoever took it probably needed it more
Nothing says "freedom" like ethnic cleansing.
Guess you didn't sense the
Unbelievable does he not play FIFA or FM?
Matterhorn mountain Its located between Tomorrowland and Fantasyland
Well, I also heard that open beta tanks were supposed to be in november.
Hold a sec, there are multiple cities in SK?
Good for you kiddo, such a smart comeback
A completely rational response
They should print money but just keep all of it to themselves (and not tell anyone) and tax at a high rate til the government owns 99% of the money supply (which they refuse to redistribute), forcing deflation to 1800s levels, then pay off all the debt to foreign investors at the new exchange rate!
Was really sad to see Matthew Broderick wasn't in it.
I'm in the same boat, love their throttling
If I open the car door for m'lady, will m'lady open her legs?
Yeah he should still be able to pursue his dream of being a middle school teacher
Its because he's black.
Damn, you need to stop before you make me cry
It would be humanity's downfall
Wait, isn't burning the world what anarchists supposed to do?
Democracy is awesome!
This shit never gets old
Let's wait a few days, then go knock on her trailer and see if she still thinks they're awesome.
Maybe they only want to accept ripples.
I can assure you that the beautiful island of Lesbos has less lesbians than you think...
Woah man who said anything about a penis?
This is harsh, but true.
He shoulda just drank some cold water
U MAKE DIS GAM TOO EZ U SHULD PROBBLY JUST GO BAKC TO LEAGUES WE LIK IT HARDCOUR HEER
It's Battlefield 3 all over again!
Right, because the response of a salty dance in Pro's face by Rolex definitely means he wasn't having fun with it.
Batman + Prep Time = Batgod
Such a beautiful sport
Careful, don't want him cutting y'all with his edge.
Everyone keeps on listing Mega Sharpedo and Mega Camerupt as possible additions, but if we think realistically it is obvious we will get mega Spinda.
Or you can just also pull out your panzerfaust and danger close while playing infected and shoot through the hole
When we are all on Gina's $2 a day won't it all be wonderful?
Your team is losing by 300 tickets, better waste team assets for youtube!
That second one from the left on picture 13 is absolutely gorgeous!
Thankfully, Luigi's already been revealed, so panic's over.
:O WELL I BELIEVE PURE BLEACHED WHITE BREAD VALUES!
yeah sure, we should all fulfill our urges all the time whenever we'd like.
What brand is it?
The neighbour is
Eh, next year we won't let off the gas in the second half.
Audi said the same shit... It's a flat out lie.
Obviously the vote was corrupted and the supporters were actually bussed in from Russia
BUT IT'S SQUIRT, NOT PISS
right - because the post-pension crowd is responsibly managing their 401ks right now and investing a little extra on the side to make up for possible Social Security reductions.
I thought this was reddit where everyone LPTs everything and we all shave with straightrazors and have all of life figured out
Yeh I know it's shit, Dice should design all maps based on the chopper's strengths
That'll solve the problem.
Yeah, we need more professional and interesting casters.. like Joe Buck!
It's the best when it's your supervisor who you can't easily pass off.
snaps goes in the BB deck perfectly!
Looking at the custom options, I don't see natural white, but there is off-white, which looks darker than the CDG cream, but it could just be the way it's shown on the website.
I think it's fair to say that these are people with lives outside of their jobs, and so you may need to be patient while they sort personal matters out.
That quote does not sound at all out of context, and reviewing countless pictures of oneself is not at all equivalent to looking into a mirror.
THOSE DAMN COMMIES RUNNING THE GOVERNMENT WONT LET ME HAVE 36 AUTOMATIC RIFLES AND A GRENADE LAUNCHER BECAUSE I HAVE A CRIMINAL HISTORY, IF THAT ISNT REPRESSION I DONT KNOW WHAT IS
It's so immature to have standards based on past experiences and then sticking by them.
Just remember, a face can't get pregnant.
You forgot your
I don't know.
Obviously the Lieberal media infiltrated the supreme court.
Exactly what I would expect.
After that he way strafed on the runway while refueling.
Nothing more fun than Control Warrior vs Control Warrior
Clearly this hardened criminal needs to be put behind bars so that he can be reformed from his evil ways.
No doubt the criticism of this movie will be objective and non-circlejerkish in this thread.
Try turning off the flashlight and you'll be even more sneaky.
Lol yeah cause their not raking in crap loads of money...
because baseball is super fierce
You seem like a wonderful human being.
But the government is doing it so it's different.
Oh Flyers fans being douchebags, that's a new one.
Thanks kaite.
If enough people get arrested, it'll cheapen the experience to the point where it won't matter!
Boo to pirates and all that, *but*.. Let's give non-state actors weapons and money for killing *cough * 'providing security', because mercenaries are historically a very good idea
He's not playing by the rules there are laws for a reason, we can't just have everyone doing whatever they want on their 86 acre farm or else anarchy and if you do want to do that why don't you go off into the woods somewhere.
I prefer ACA
Good thing he made that clear
No, no, no... you see... that's a positive gender role, entirely different
Or your collection of sweat pants.
Nah, it's fine, the CPU can just make due with the rest of the pins
Sounds like commie entitlements to me
Well I don't know about you, but I was always a fan of drowning in two feet of water.
Oh shit there's that feminism he was talking about.
Your personal experiences are clearly fat-shaming.
Wait what's wrong with that?
And this won't be confusing to *anyone* who isn't in the tech industry.
but it's ok when men do this.
That's why I can't enjoy ASOFAI.
What do you mean, *You* people?
The game winning 2 pt conversion with 30 second left was really lame.
More James Franco, please!
Yeah, shame on him for having opinions!
LAD
but why did OP delete his account...
Because when I am out drinking all night and straighten out a bit I drive safely...
Because I cannot find any articles in ANY just as fucked up in any state within this past month, fuck Texas
Keesler lol
so fucking disguisting eww
Why doesn't he look like Hanley
Because the web will soon be just as fast as local storage.
no, he's just asking for help in the help thread.
'N' word you racist
I wish I could be as suave as him.
Most of these leagues spread the wealth around to the other teams/owners and having a team lots of people root for brings in more viewers all across the country.
So I invented a new alphabet.....
So so so jealous
Seen worse.
No more than a recurve is a vertical arbalist; the defining difference between crossbow and handbow is that a crossbow has a stock that holds the bow at full draw.
I disagree
Stop letting Infinity Ward develop CoD titles.
I'm still waiting on my bloody t-shirt.
At least he will not lacking any attentions.^too ^soon?
gates are open!
Probably fair, though i'd take at least one of those from Strength since he's not THAT slow, is he?
I was surprised at how much material I didn't remember... and I've listened to every episode.
I thought there was a drummer hidden behind it or something.
Actaully all the main and recurring charcters do a ton of the aditional voices
They're a better basketball team?
Dont worry guys, vac will catch him.
Mine is snuggled up inside an anti-static bag for that occasion that I hope never comes...
He was also a creationist
So the War on Terror is the reason ISIS is genociding Shias?
Black Asian?
Lol
Because Monsanto is making a killing off it
How useless I'd be at 23.
Just abiding by his username
You're in denial.
How can you hate something you really, really want to have sex with?
eh.... pretty sure hes like 15-1 or something on rumble there close
Tonight, a Comedian died in New York.
Reminds me of Sips_ that magnificent bastard.
Duncan, KG, then Dirk no question
Ibrakadabra
Actually giving wisp deathrattle: play a ben brode laugh might make it viable with undertaker.
I know right, the Wii U is doing amazing things.
I agree, this guy had a shitty attitude, but he was right.
I just like the option of trade ins even though it rarely happens, however it was nice to purge my 360 library down to only games i will play again to make room for X1 games along with being able to pay off Titanfall and part of my headset.
What about the USA getting their ass whopped in eastern asia?
They got Matt bonner
Yeah, because we can totally fight prejudice with even more prejudice.
Bad puns make me grineer to ear.
Go fuck yourself!
i'm on a boat motha fucka
Fork salesman
Well then I'm glad you didn't
You win because I've never heard of that car.
I don't know art/artists but I thought there were no rules.
ray pls
Some places have a insurance you can buy through your water company to cover stuff like this.
*mould
Further proof certainly necessary.
This is an inversion of that game last October; a real nail-biter.
The icing can be fixed, nice pick up
But does he know I know you know I know he knows you know, you know?
Do you have a drivers license?
He has much more possible moves from his game than Wii Fit Trainer.
Except the self-employed and members of coops own the means of production, but aren't capitalists.
That's just it, we dont know because it's not there!
What else could a knife be purchased for?
Ah yes the same reason why I don't use social media, my life is mediocre as fuck at times.
hugh hefner has now been added to my list of "*SJW editors to avoid*"
Love shots from the big squirt gun?
Somebody's drunk.
I'm taking that....
This is amazing.
The UK should have a policy where they can return **if** they spent the same amount of time and do the same things in Russia.
The kind that think all 12 year olds are sluts and that women would be much better off if they returned to le classy ladylike behavior circa 1945, yknow when it was a great time to be female
Nah, it's just all the mysoggyknee.
As per usual, every one except northern.
Sounds like you need a water pump
It's poisoned, you lose {dice roll} HP.
You may not know what someone's saying, the outcome of my choice bewteen and upvote and a downvote always comes down to the score your comment already has.
Kinda funny, kinda insulting.
Hold educational conferences.
Like our absolute sworn enemy.... Iran
Or it could be that the artist drawed him with digitigrade legs.
Why don't you?
We are talking WWII, wasnt that pretty much the US vs Japan and Germany?
Can't see how comic, or even movie Thor would have too hard of a time.
I'm ama....well, no but I feel amazing!
It's easier said than done.
and rollout.
I've heard the variation about a match between Brezhnev and Nixon (or whoever was the US president at the time).
What?
Are we talking about DeerNadia?
They're like a puppy that's so ugly they're adorable
I actually love daft punk :(
ES is still bullshit hero, just hard to play now, Necro is fine, need push lineups for him though, Sniper can be situationally ok against teams with weak initiation and low mobility.
What?
Dude *almost* as competitive as WCS!
Good thing they teach doctors nutrition in med school
Cubo is mexican gold.
Surprised they don't try to drone-strike it into submission.
he might be a good sidekick, unless he has talent we haven't seen.
Moon
Wow, This wouldn't make VPN users turn to piracy.
A math degree + CS1/2, data structures, and maybe an elective or two is just as good as a CS degree in most cases.
There is a vegetarian keto sub, it is possible to do it on plants.
I'm butthurt jagex pls listen to me and not others 2007scape
All I have is bread.
Right, because the rest of our party leaders are shining examples of politicians as well.
Um.. "Don't Ask, Don't Tell?"
But everyone know reverse racism don't real
Skyrim trail?
you forgot
Do 1 set of 5 and add 5lbs each time you do the lift
You're just a little karma whore eh?
dat
It would be very welcomed.
Cool!
The shit that creeps put people through is just so infuriating.
DIM GATE!
Communism !
Certain background tasks can only run when the phone is plugged in.
Linebaugh and busch is really close to my work, might have to look into that.
Yuuup rich people totally only have it better in the U.S.
No but I doubt it would be so dark at night.
Yes, everyone should all do exactly the same thing!
Screaming good yeah?
He sounds bitter as fuck.
You haven't seen Carwin vs Lesnar.. (Yes, I know...Lesnar's aversion to getting hit is well documented but Brock can take punishment)
Yeah he could use a buff there as well but this would help his w since he woild have more attack speed.
I'm it did
Because those digital rune pages cost a lot of money to produce
Yeah, they totes don't have insurance...
Who said it was eye?
Couldn't tell ya.
no, because the Arabs are the victims so they need their "safe space" to not be traumatised by the evil Zionazis
But if you don't break the law you have nothing to fear.
it literally is
You mean anti-flammable?
Come on there is no way a black Kenyan Socialist could out do a corporate spokesman like Regan
Aint nobody got time fo dat
Love us when we're on your team, hate us when we're not.
But but...Titanfall beta is on that weekend..
Hehe, I forgot my
Woah, be careful shit talking the MLS here, it's like the 6th or 7th best league in the world.
I say we bring in Rex Ryan after this season!
This, but I'll add 'in writing as well as in person'.
Get the fuck out of this sub, nobody on the Cardinals can ever possibly do anything wrong!
It would do the same amount of damage in X or Y form.
I love how adorable babs/batgirl is.
Well option two is out because nobody likes a gold-digging slut.
Maybe if you would stop objectifying their skin and objectify their butts you might get somewhere.
I was here when gen 6 came out
Guess all those standardized tests don't work as intended.
No it's not.
Oh no not the politicians!
Good thing CSIS monitors everyone to prevent this sort of thing
This sounds like modern times........
No you don't understand less medicine is more medicine
Yeah it's so weird that videos can sometimes be a legitimate source of information.
Confirmed with Nexus5
But GG has no leaders, we are all simply a collection of individuals!
Hey now, that's racist according to tumblr
Now if only we could force you all to start using lbs., gallons, and miles.
There's a facebook group as well, if you haven't found it yet PM me.
At least he gets to the point and saves everyone's time.
Why not just swim in chlorine, right?
Amazing they could capture the essence of the American Police Force but not cash register basics.
thanks for circling it, would never have noticed otherwise
Fuck dat shit, this is a race and I'm going to win
Maybe your circle of tin-foil enthusiasts in Russia do, but the rest of the thinking country knows this claim is lunacy.
its the same partnership valve has with ea when valve makes games they use ea as a publisher for consoles, only respawn doesnt have a massive pc software platform so they have to use ea's since they are the publisher
I'll give you $5 in BTC for it.
Wipes are always the tank's fault.
Yeah, one case where overzealous authorities get something wrong equals a war on an entire sex.
And against men is never ok
As long as the horse sized duck is there
I still haven't gotten an email from you guys
You can see how perfectly it flows with his body and the coloring is top notch!
Yea because the US military doesnt kill children....
But... but... you have powershell!
Dam looks like I am not eligible, What a shame
Awww yus, flailing around like a headless chicken gets me so hot.
Yeah because it's impossible to continue a story under a different title.
Don't you know being positive makes you right?
Wake up sheeple!
Yeah but causes and consequences are *gay*, we want the cool guns and explosions and pew pew pew!
Well this is adorbs :)
TIL that only conservatives hate Obama and don't think he should have received even one Nobel prize.
Nah, no players would ever fall for that
Doesn't quite carry the same ring as "We are Marshall..."
REMOVE FIFFLAREN remove fifflaren you are worst support etc etc
Learn english before posting chinese scam on here
Hastalis Freya OP
That's the real reason he was removed ;)
Don't worry guys he is not a troll
so he is going to join my bronze V team
But *dozens* are protesting!
I seriously laughed at this for about 2 minutes straight and I have no idea why.
Yes, online petitions work, and reddit is the place to recruit people to sign these for you.
**Cal Poly SLO**
Ed.....ward?
How were the reporters reporting if their signals were being jammed?
A cool fun thing to do is shine it at planes and aircraft.
That's weird because as far as I know nobody likes smash bros.
Well it's a *woman* wearing them, and women don't usually wear pants!
3d in video games are getting really good!
Yes, because you can just teach men to find women unattractive.
confirmed: CLG hooker as a new (moral) support
But misandry don't real!
Because Hitler was a reasonable, peace-loving man who would have been satisfied with merely conquering all of western Eurasia, and after having done so would have treated Canada as a equal in the brotherhood of nations.
A pretty sweet tee.
I thought you touched the hand saw twice.
24 P1us twenty4 equa13 48 Fagut
b-but muh functionality
All that alcohol and nicotine better clear off too then, don't you think?
Google, Facebook, Reddit: Not from California
Yeh that's very much a recent thing, that has been going on for ages or anything...
Yeah, because spending a third of your car's value on collision insurance every year sure is worthwhile...
I think he has another person down there.
physical violence directed towards men is hilarious!
But the threads are so smooth and you're really paying for the craftsmanship that went into that metal tube.
If women didn't have the right to say no, this never would have happened!
They certainly didn't downvote the racist ones.
I'm glad to know racism isn't dead here.
But I thought women, like, literally accuse men and ruin their lives, like, all the time!
Because they're communists, and there's no way in hell that the shining beacon of capitalism would **ever** do any kind of business with a communist country.
Oh my god thats it ...I didn't realize that I could just create awesome protected bike lanes out of thin air ...thankfully drivers are there to champion the removal of parking for bike lanes all over the US
Cause y'all haven't done anything in 50 years?
you forgot the
Merci!
I think she's saying she doesn't want sex.
Being drunk... calling a girl attractive = Rapist Level Creepy
but he's a thug tho.
Wow Great joke, didn't see it coming
Hey you guys, they never said something about Annualized full priced mediocrely made spin-offs.
Ahhh, that's racist, you filthy nazi anti-semite!
Oh look at that, no one predicted this.
your welcome
Watch it guys we have a badass over here
Is that Thad Cochran?
Inspired by the Holmes post from yesterday.
Naah, it's all black and white.
Splendidly
They repealed a 2012 law for regional government language use, and there was no threat.
Tron would become the richest man in the world.
It's good that he could recognize that and step in
you can do anything with a fluorescent vest and a nice suit.
But then she's a gold-digging whore.
That's how you know OP failed math.
sssshhh ziggy, I only just bought some telstra shares, they're not going to go up with you admitting stuff like this
I'd take the word of a random internet poster over a professional in the topic any day of the week.
But God gave the doctors the knowledge to save you!
hopefully everybody *likes* this article on facebook and this issue will be resolved quickly.
Well yeah, but now with all the tourists in Sochi the Russian elite need a new resort town to vacation to.
Such a clever gimmick user account you're so clever.
And your wife died in child birth, LOL XD
Not anymore.
I was cringing about burning the arm while pouring it all.
It is a thing, the internet says so
I should've added an
Not sure if
de_dust
Especially since we work for minimum wage at the corporate store
But micro-evolution is *totally* different than macro-evolution!
I'm not saying to stop it, I'm saying that they have every right to be pissed.
Just what WoW needs, more 9 year olds...
Yeah, let's disperse and destroy communities because landlords have the right to enforce their greed!
Because Neuroscience and biology aren't considered legitimate doctorates, unlike Theology and Religious Studies.
Yes... Contrails... *Hint Hint, Wink Wink*
If you like this film then try out the video game adaptation Dead Space, it's great
I am sure that saved all of the poor people already living there too.
omq u snipign no0b go pley n ubbjectuve
Northwestern....Akron....about the same.
Oh, much smaller then.
Well if you had properly set up the ASA to pass HTTP through a content filter you wouldn't have that problem!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Oh yeah, but I guess *Wenger* is the whiner, right?
I hope those nudes keep you warm at night in prison, scum.
So THAT was the privileged pig that was responsible for slavery....
Yeah, you probably shouldn't allow Roosterteeth to attend either, they are pretty vulgar in their let's plays and podcasts.
yes because the goal is to stop cigarette smoking by 100%
RAID 0 is better because its faster!
Oh sure, look at bitstamp prices plummeting.
Okay, just make sure we get a good goalie, I hear that Altidore chap is a clinical finisher
That Mun landing is totally fake, there aren't any stars!
No, didn't you hear, it's because of the high school graduate who picks up the cash on an armored truck!
I guess we all need to move to areas more supportive of UFO's
and at the winery
I haven't seen the leak of this new pokemon "FUCK THIS" Can someone send me a link?
Chodes
Why don't they ever have "real girls" that "nice guys" like us can wank to?
Nobody tells OP what to do
A woman could NEVER do something so horrific as killing her child...
Oh great, now the Miata fanboys are going to be talking about how their cars are even better than Ferrari's.
That's very modest of him, considering the media industry is losing about 14 times the global GNP due to piracy.
Smart, distribute on Xbox so Microsoft gets the retribution instead of PSN....
that they acknowledge who rules the earth
RemindMe!
This is why student evals are BS, they pretty much encourage dumbed-down courses.
What most people will buy should go further than 84 miles too though.
I know the AI can shout at civs to get down, but Overkill should take it one step further and make it possible that the bots will tie down the nearest 2 civilians at the location you're yelling from.
Thanks for adding another useless shit comment to the rest
As a joke, I was contemplating giving out brussels sprouts instead of candy to trick-o-treaters.
Hopefully Jedd Fisch comes up with a name for a play involving those two.
Haha ridiculous who are you the engineer
No.
Do you have a kindle or something?
Lol I love how you went caps in the middle of a word
Right.
I just read it with a hispanic accent and it makes much more sense.
Not one single boo for bettman either
Like that ever mattered to you, OP?
Well the current one is Aim High, Fly Fight Win... so im guessing its from that.
sacre bleu!
Seriously?
Because there is little reason why we can't be.
Royalty.
You get it.
Take some college level business courses and then get back to me.
Sarge is a boss.
Yup.
Lol thanks
Ah, so that's what X means in Malcolm X.
Buy 1500 lady bugs off the internet for 5 bucks and release them in any public area.
It was avenging its friend.
Especially if its true, I assume.
That is something for which you will not up put.
Poor bob died because of the DC rip
Named Lebron.
True, they definitely grow quick.
And she's only 59... there's probably more Botox in her face than muscle.
Hint: They're probably a prosecutor.
Ashens on youtube does good reviews on that tat.
More importantly IMO, quality players are actually available at decent prices this summer and Arsene likely wants to avoid the chaos we had at the start of last season.
floppy
Soldier Ant.
Shawn is all about these unconventional / gender-swapped baby names.
The new flyknits are pretty ugly though... I wish I had bought more pairs of the first gen, considering mine are all dirty being one of these monster who use running shoes to run
any one who is not a bigiot .. that is who is better .. please start naming non bigiots
Cats go down alleys eating birds
Plus if you're mixing it yourself, bentonite is a pain to mix at 100% because it swells and can get clumpy.
I love Rex top death, but that sounds like such an embarrassing "dad" move.
You're talking completely out of your ass.
Step ya game up banksy.
I don't think I'd be scared if I just realized I was god
timehop?
Unless we pay them...... 1 *milllion* dollars buahahahaha
;) lol bru sux 2 suk
Isn't it cute how nmoms can call you a fucking bitch but if you post a status on Facebook saying "oh, God" you get chastised for foul language?
That doesn't even look like Jon Jones to me.
That is the best option.
Stretching his calves
Clowney has also stated that he wont throw at the combine.
That's my RT :')
ahhh Ukrainian politics is a gem.
I counted 38 spam posts by him in just the last 24 hours.
I'd believe it...
What's so great about it - I don't really get it?
o rly
of course not, I'm still on 0.3.18!
But it doesn't matter because our eyes can only see 24fps.
\\\#thants
Thankies bb [](/pleased)
Well duh only ps4 has 4k, Sony owns 4k!
Yes, if people stopped caring for others the world would be such a better place
In a surprise twist to the referendum, the Scottish people have voted to float Glasgow out into the sea and sink it, in the hope of turning into Kelpies and forming the lost civilisation of Glaslantis, Experts suspect a plot to boost tourism figures in their new underwater state.
The main football (soccer) team in Liverpool is Liverpool fc, and their anthem is You'll never walk alone
Oh how I missed the two-faced Sun editors: One day they call for Ford's resignation, the next day they're kissing his ass.
Well you're not a mom.
The joke is that she didn't know he had a Buggati and assumed he didn't have a lot of money
TL;DR Internet.
I feel like I have these three good looking friends and we just walked around MSI together.
8D
Yeah, that's why she's instaban/pick in LCS
Funnily enough, they have a song called Malchik Gay about a gay dude they want to fuck.
All charities should perform costly background checks on each and every donor to ensure that no one "disagreeable" can help their cause, no matter how positive it may be.
Uff jed'n!
Anyone feel like Marigold has been depicted as prettier and prettier as she's shifted toward the love decagon that is at the heart of QC?
You mean like talking to a stranger on the streets?
Ah yes, blocking out that identifying mark will CERTAINLY render this individual unidentifiable from this picture.
everyone on my team is too young for this, but their is potential for us to get atleast 3-4 guys to be recognized at that level if they keep playing great for the next 7-9 years
We lost the Alamo, fucking losers
Nice tan!
Why
I don't understand why you try so hard.
Ludovico Einaudi.
SPOILERS
I think using Social Club for the multiplayer and not for the singleplayer is a fine.
Yes
NO
If you think that companies being able to put whatever they want, whenever they want to on your phone without your consent is ok, than I would suggest you just keep burying your head deeper in your ass.
What?
Oh yeah, Che was totally this hero of the working man.
Victim blamer!
It's time for a 15th Benghazi committee...
Nononono you dont see it, thats a MALE power fantasy obviously!
But can't decide which?
I was always taught that being Mississippi was illegal.
omg wuts "downtime" i never have dwntime i micromanage every second of my day so that i'm always cleaning i even work off the clock fuck you for having downtime
I'm too lazy to bother with fonts, I just end sarcasm with
Bed-you-in.
I say build walls, lots and lots of walls.
Might have bought them for business partners or given them to executives as a bonus?
Yeah that panphlet i got handed had pictures and graphs must be correct
The fact that it's apparently a new story with new characters instead of just a POV shift onto how the Mother met Ted is somewhat of a relief, but I'm still not sure this is a good idea.
Hey, you were a perfectly wonderful customer before you had to rub your breeding in his face.
Yeah fuck homeless people right?
In the same way Switzerland has quite lenient gun control but has one of the lowest homicide rates in the world.
You mean "friend" right?
Just wait until the soccer moms hear about this
Yeah but that isn't as fun as making everyone out to be assholes
Praise Karl, king of ducks.
There must be a lot of colorblind people out there that mistake yellow for white.
yes but neither of those are part of Australian culture!
Currently #6 all-time.
Yea, it's what that guy 4chan uses, right?
Lucky you, I can't run the game full screen at 1080p due to an awesome bug.
Just in case they encounter one on the road to Jerusalem
the struggle of a MUA.
dagger, blink, crit, dead.
God the Africans must be so pissed that HIV is working so slowly to depopulate the First World countries...
Yeah I'm sure you'd be saying the same thing if you got shorted a custom unusual
Just pick one...
And Jesus was DEFINITELY a liberal.
Did someone say jump?
As a Verizon Galaxy s3 user, I read "April 2014" as "October 4104."
OMG kill XP Already
You forgot the
;)
Not in Canada
Nice, cannot wait for it to make it into play of the week!
ITT: Lots of gold for children comments
At least your not a total apologist..
I see Jinkx's contour has gotten better
If you get long hair, it'll accentuate your face shape and make you look *extremely* feminine.
It would bring in more money than Sens home game ticket sales.
Right, next you'll tell me that Holder was nothing more than a political appointee and ideologue
Big fans of female hysteria here,this is a libertarian now performing in the 60s,the 1860s
Well this guy said it so it must be true
Yes, we can all see how wrong he was to buy figures from the exact store that was selling those figures.
lel gay amirite?
Obviously if you go there you must be a woman hating rapist!
Too big of a liability, he'll clearly tear our lockerroom apart
This doesn't go directly to my house, but not too close such that i have to see the stop on my street, so i think it's a waste of money!
Not to mention that **registered** gun owners are the ones they really need to worry about in the first place.
They should probably let slavery be up to the states as well
I was waiting for a build, and then I saw Mystical Mail and I knew you know what's up.
Anything that is not Deen...
I wish highscores existed
Don't you know, if they aren't fawning over random dick picks and sexual advances, then clearly they're getting their random dick picks and advances from hundreds of other men and are therefore sluts
Look, it's my body and I know what happens ok, mr science and research man, you can't tell me how MY body works!
It's a joke that's funny because we assume we'd like to let a black guy drown over a white guy.
He caught on fire at Monaco.
Which back wall?
I really love what they've done with their linux comparability.
Crap, we're 2014 already?
Don't forget to tell charities about bitpay, which offers no-fee processing for registered non-profits.
No way its 5 years
SOUNDS LIKE A FAIR TRADE TO ME!
Those three are actually gray
[](/lyra) Spoiler: [Pineapple wins]
Just say you're loyal to Angelfire and you'd rather only have pictures there.
Tonight dear, I have a terrible headache
Real hard when you have no rotation rate.
100 times as much!
Hes telling his friends about this ugly bitch beside him.
Why didn't you say happy birthday OP
But, it's black and white, so it can't have been photoshopped!
But I thought Lebron and the Cavs didn't even meet.
I'm surprised Obama hasn't banned christianity from our prisons!
I don't expect someone like you to get the point.
Well shit, how nice of the police to announce the real start date of the sting operation, and allowing the drug dealers to have time to prepare themselves and avoid capture!
Wow amazing lyricism and rhythm
The best argument I've heard against it was simply that you can't stimulate an economy by breaking windows.
if(grammarnazis === true;) { return "fuck off" } else { return "hello" }
Because it is Morphling, he can do whatever the fuck he wants
Shouldn't you be wearing a tinfoil hat or something?
Thanks for clearing that up.
Thanks for the input!
naw mate they're fenians
Yeah, most African countries loved the Apartheid regime.
Not buying enough stars.
I think we could avoid future problems like this if we give the TransLink CEOs another raise.
What the absolute fuck did I just read?
fuckin' spoilers man
Why are you so toxic?
Justin Long as Goku, Seth Green as Gohan, Peter Dinklage as Krillin, Paul Rudd as Vegeta, Jack Black as Yajirobe, Mike Myers as Frieza, Lil Wayne as Kami.
Because 'Murica, greatest country on earth!
Leave it to a narcissistic douche bag like Ricky Dillon to ruin a great place like Hawaii.
What an awesome thing to record
Ska lost at least 4 rounds for them that game by missing easy shots.
Well I'm sure they are just legitimately "criticizing Israeli policy".
She looks like that hipster chick with the stop wars t-shirt
If only there was something they could do about that...maybe some kind of website we could look at and be told SMP might happen... I'm sorry, there I go again with my crazy ideas!
Didn't think I needed to add
NZ'r here, he's a champion.
Yes, all us Bitcoiners will need an attorney for hire with all of the money laundering and illegal activity that takes place with Bitcoin Kappa
As long as that permitting process is not unduly onerous I could potentially get behind that.
Yeah, I'm sure you're completely correct
Because if you don't get the reference you're evil obviously
The camera crew was obviously looting and destroying homes in the area, don't believe what they're saying on social media.
...Forever
Just because they gather anonymously online and make series of obscene jokes about child rape in response to an awkward story about a five year old child *doesn't mean they're pedophiles*.
I know what you mean, I'm still pissed that my new car doesn't have a cassette player.
Wow, they predicted that reddit would exist!
Get her pregnant and spend your savings on a very expensive diamond ring.
Yeah, It's not like we have a local national guard post to help if somehow a response like this was ever necessary
I guess its time we call of talks with China.
You mean to tell me you've seen a face in a stapler *before* today?
If she was French, wouldn't she be Eva Vert?
by "ISIS", no doubt.
like all the incest!
You're right, owning a car and parking it when and where i want is a human right, not a luxury.
yup he's just going to spend 3k while taking a break from college and streaming to travel to korea alone
HAHAHA society doesn't have problems, in fact society has a problem with you, creeplord
It's okay, they are raising minimum wage everywhere and we will all soon have so much money we won't notice the hit to our pay for "social services".
What a shocker.
Yeah, because all cops are bloodthirsty psychos looking for an excuse to attack someone.
He's won 2 UEFA Super Cups to Keane's 0 though
Unexpected trapping of particles at a T junction
What if *gasp* we are actually the Dwemer and they disappeared to earth!
Oh thanks for clearing that up, I before your comment I thought he spoke for all black people everywhere.
I'm sure this feature would never be used to troll people.
Really?
I'm surprised that Diaby didn't get injured doing that.
But I thought men and women were equal except where women were better!
Maybe that's because the curse is on the DefenSe Against the Dark Arts professor's position.
Lol white tears.
If you're happy you're more wealthy than most.
I think you missed the
And definitely less complicated!
But that doesn't count because he doesn't have le clutch gene.
Everyone knows that they're the greatest thing to happen to music ever
If the Iraq war shows us anything, it's that the United States is the last people to conquer England.
I guess you will miss out on making a fortune now.
Or The Holyland Experience
Yeah, damn those penis loving lesbians!
No console plebs!
B, but, they can just go to school, or move, because it's that easy!
Yes, because all PC gamers are adults.
it may not be firewood, but it sure lights up the place.
randomly tests students in grades five through 12 who participate in extracurricular activities... Leila was unable to participate in the National Junior Honor Society The honor role student drug epidemic is out of control in this country!
I really enjoyed that, thank you for posting it!
When the next BF game after Hardline is released!
DAE taking care of a child's health is literally 1984?
Comcast?
Guess i missed out the
You have the same resting heart rate as Michael Phelps and almost as low as Lance Armstrong, who knew we had olympic tier athletes browsing fittit!
racist.
Bro that's only cause Kurt Thomas and Sheed gave them a veteran presence
This person may have phrased it oddly (or not if they identify other than female and are excluded), but wanting all classes to be equal makes sense.
Yeah man, getting people to change their views is so much easier when you passive aggressively call them cute.
Thanks for your useful advice.
Definitely made me think "what the fuck!?"
Check your fucking privilege
Miller and Bolland here we come.
That is why we need more tax cut for the job creators to create more jobs duh
So almost half a year of daily gaming for one expansion.. Sounds fair idd.
Truck that bitch!
Well it's obviously because those of us who chose to major in philosophy couldn't find jobs.
Yep, because people are incapable of rising above what happened to their ancestors...
Turns out he's just so high from dabbing he thinks he's a 'time lord' lol
heh, that's ok.
But they made an *investment*, in lobbying!
yeah that'll show 'em
Duh, you learn nothing in life once you get out of school, didn't you know that?
As a short dude I don't think I'm in danger of having forbidden sex of any nature.
on the contrary, I would pay all my money to see DeVito play Bond
Yeah they should use the artillery on the the starving populaiton instead.
Don't you know that in every Eastern European country but especially mine political theory doesn't actually work, because it's not the West.
pressurized hydrogen and high-power electricity...what could _possibly_ go wrong ?
I'm sorry, I forgot you were in charge of everyone ever.
Him riding a motorcycle is the only acceptable entrance.
There goes the only eligible bachelor out there, what a shame
I don't bother addressing points from mendacious trolls; life is too short.
how long do those ceramic nails last being torched?
Dude natural accidents and intentional, racially motivated murders are totally the same thing!
But but those people are too stupid to have thought guns were have been as advanced as they are!
Yes of course, Christians in Europe today are just as aggressive as Muslims.
But there's a payment plan available!
countless nerds he defeated in tournaments
Because smokers have an addiction, sleepers are just lazy.
Should have gotten it tattooed instead.
That's what _she_ said.
When are you ever going to use that in life?
but...but...he isn't getting his touches
I cannot believe they threw him to the ground like that, his hands were up, he wasn't resisting, cops are such jerks
I have to agree, vandalblast is just way to OP.
:( i hope the team bus crashes and everyone gets season ending, but not career-threatening injuries
This sounds like a fucking awesome idea.
But when is famous gonna be back up on monstercat
2/10 would not bang!
I'm the man, I'm the man, I'm the maa-aan..
Of course the taliban would *never* harm children.
Well, all the gulags and concentration camps that he's had the military construct over the years are really filling up... I really miss all my Republican friends and family now that they're locked up waiting to be killed and thrown in mass graves.
Yeah, that's very likely.
Le oppa gagnam sty[le] XD
Just remember, this is all done to protect a nonprofit enterprise.
You must be the smartest person on Earth.
Yeah, how dare someone say they liked South Pacific!
No silly... Girls cant rape boys.
Oh the good times will last forever, forever!
Nah, I was 8 and I had fucked ur mum 3 times already
Job creators and capitalism, duh.
Good thing you put the emblem as the second picture, otherwise I wouldn't have figured it out
Yes, because being freed from the shackles of having money is always a good thing!
It's "your", gosh, get it right!
Yea, that wasn't hyperbolic at all.... TOTALLY grounded in fact.
Never heard of Reebox before?
Could you link the article for people to read without it being filtered through your likely misinterpreted rage?
Fiber optic cables; You can now reroute light around an object
I'll take, 'totally irrelevant political bullshit' for $500, Alex.
Ya I hear ya, my Jennings 9mm has less then 500 down the tube and miss fires 1/2 the time, I could the firing pin for 15.00 and rebuild it my self but why it is not worth it at all.
they know they will get free food free housing and child support hell even a free car
Oh my this could be a great gimmick.
It's an older code sir, but it checks out
Yeah the scheduling this year was pretty wack... our last games are ARI @SF @PHI, SF again, @ARI STL 5/6 divisional games to finish the season with a trip across the country in the middle
Not right now you don't.
Good, that tribal bullshit is sickening.
I don't get it, Froggen is definitely better than xPeke, WHERE DID THE FROGGEN FANBOYS GO ?
He took Theon's favorite toy
Doge meme =/= Dogecoin
m8
Shouldn't we change the name of the game from "chicken" to "deer" then?
I explain this to people all the time... They're sheep
Fisheye lens
That second face though, I lost it.
colors man, colors mean death and stuff..apparently
These tea party groups are ~~money laundering organizations for the~~ Koch brothers
So easy and simple
And a national defense medal license plate
And the fees/taxes that go along with that $18 million
And how much does Barney Frank have to cough up?
That's what makes them masterminds, you should know that every criminal mastermind has to share their plan with the audience, that's how this shit works.
We got you a present
I use Electrum's 12 words seed and laught at all of you for trying to secure one single private key that you'll probably import to a client that will send the change to another address and everything will be lost.
Therefore we must shut down burning man!
Some states have rules that participants in a primary can't run in the general (except as an approved write in candidate, which translates to "unlisted").
Minecraft nether Easter egg confirmed.
fuck mako, he's such a shit boyfriend he turned 2 girls gay
I'd like to believe that he would be disciplined, but I doubt anything would actually happen.
They probably have too much elixir, it starts to become a problem once you max out your barracks, army camps and have nothing to spend it on but troop comps and troop upgrades.
Why?
My vote is for the former, not the latter
Give it a week, we need to give OP time come on people.
Don't forget, they also have Mirjana for critiques!
Non-Christian believer, a witch.
Not with that attitude
YES!
They can always capture more hostage.
really sad to see the show not even airing.. I wanted to see what they'd bring to the table after HIMYM, and the newer tech references they'd use
At least we're creating jobs!
SEC is more like a mindset, not the actual conference
Because you might need more next year.
Are those silicone?
Really wish I could offer some sort of tip to separate the two, but I can't, I struggle so much with those two.
Oh shit boys, we're getting merged!
Wouldn't be surprised if he's a huge Alex Jones fan as well.
Shoes.
MP = Member of Parliament (= India's highest legislature) No, losing a couple of jackfruits is not a big deal for this guy.
if he scores goals obviously duh
Just wondering...What is the value of an average possession?
Looking forward to the jump to my VoC as well.
Just because of the downvotes I now say ekki-ekki-ekki-pitang-zoom-boing!'
Actually after graduating Abbott trained as a Roman Catholic seminarian.
The block is excellent but the ancillaries and body parts will still fail, regardless of quality.
figures... right after I manage to obtain a Nexus 4. lol I wonder if this will do voice calls.
Dont insult Aspergers please.
An American vet, or a vet from a country with socialized medicine?
I can pick up my main within a few minutes no problem at all.
The lord's work for me meaning Darth Vader.
If you do not have multiple vaginas, how about multiple penises?
I see you missed the point.
You should change your flair to the Pacers cause all I hear is exuses..
SODA cans are a huge exception.
Corn-gagging might be someone's fetish, you kink-shaming shitlord!
This candidate has a nice family and attends _________ services, got my vote.
I like how the title makes it seam like Nestle is taking advantage of the reservation when in fact the reservation is fully behind it.
Everyone from Duke.
Whats the difference?
like $1 and somechange
It's fine tho because nobody will ward and it won't be an issue.
I read that, but those details seem a bit light.
Brilliant - and you can't be robbed either if you just give your stuff to the first guy who says he wants it.
This is true, and very sad.
Good thing you can't be racist towards white people, otherwise I'd be worried.
So mayonnaise?
Yup, had something like that happen to me when I pinched my ex's butt
I agree it would be OP but holy crap that is the worst exaggeration I have ever seen.
The ideas popularized in The Selfish Gene changed the perspective of *all of biology*.
well congratz shitlord it is about misogyny and evil partchiry!
And yet.....
It'll probably be upload to Mlg's channel today if youre lucky
There's a difference: Work gives you money, the wife takes it.
Scrumptious
Your dad looks pretty cool: probably cool enough that he shouldn't have to worry about his offspring uploading vids sneakily taken.
Not mentioned is how males are pressure severely by their peers to perform badly in scholastic activities.
Yeah sure there is, but to blame everything on him, it's not right and it's not what liverpool is about.
No problem!
RIP
Your right leg is going to get a good workout on the ride home.
ITT: people confusing smooth and pretty swings with good mechanics
Macedonia.
OPs mom.
It's the same writers for the script and it will be pretty much the same story as the game, so I still have hope!
Get outta here, just get the fuck outta here.
You'll have to become more jaded first.
Guess they weren't lying about hardware shortages.
but resolution doesnt matter and the human eye cant see past 30 fps so what is the point?
The majority of its members are French who join under different nationalites.
It's probably at least 6 Ghz.
'Cause you know the words "deranged pyschopath" are never associated with Klebold and Harris.
This documentary on the voices in Frankie's head is really fascinating.
I hate Obama personally, but damn I want to high five the man for that quote and buy him a beer - I don't even drink!
LET THE TANK ROLL ON CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKERS
Thought this was on a pint.
But hey, its ok if he is from the south right?
I prob should've added
but that would take time, i just want to go to the polling booth and pick the one with the name listed first
Ya, that guy who posts videos with **retarded** names is a tool.
Isn't that a great indicator that your view isn't as widely held as you believe it to be?
Join the military.
Great username.
I'm sure it would have taken this long if the cop was the victim.
You're so dumb you could throw yourself on the ground and miss.
troll
dude you were featured on bad history
:)
Thanks for the advice man, I'll try it out!
Go forth and conquer.
If he failed a drug test he'd be out of a job.
In my 30-team league, Kelce still wasn't drafted
Good thing god saved her life because she should have been dead with all of her injuries.
He had a small part in Silver Linings Playbook recently
There is a King-of-the-Hill episode for this about a lawnmower.
Are you sure you don't want to take a minute and think about it though?
Sorry, I'm in Miami, FL.
Well it was just meant to be a response to the people saying you're comparing 30 countries to one.
Additionally, can you confirm that Cyanogen reps were correct in saying that this feature has been removed?
For showing the world just how terrible weapons of mass destruction are and the horrors of mass death.
The MAC is a better football conference than the AAC.
He watermarked it, duh.
America
But where are all the other halves?
THANK YOU FOR STICKING WITH CAPSLOCK.
Well, he probably also didn't want to actually choke the guy out, just get him off of his opponent and realize the fight is over.
The downvote being used for its real purpose right here.
what, you can't just pop it back straight and put it on?
I knew a black guy once so I'm pretty sure I'm qualified to make that statement.
I've done a trackday with STT -- fantastic org :)
Jesus
Only real thing it has helped with is that I am healthy now, and its easy to get girls.
My friends dad once deleted all the .dll files because they were taking up too much space.
These are actually worse than the mango salsa ones, which are pretty disgusting.
Knowing then film industry, they will save it for the justice league movie and we will all collectively cringe.
The first thing I'm doing when an epidemic occurs is heading straight to the hospital.....
No, this one resets the stability to that of a bear on ice skates on razer blades.
Their TOS prohibit profitable purchases.
Hey if you're going to actually read the article rather than react purely from the headline then you'll have a tough time fitting in here.
Nice projecting and way to throw out those memes after saying "tits or gtfo" WOW SO SMRT CLEVER NO ONE IS GOOD AS U WOW GOOD JOB GIRL DUMB MAN SMART WOW
Where was Batman to save those damsels?
what does that even mean ?
But then how else will you be able to use the Samsung hub?
BUT WHICH IS BETTER
For some reason I immediately thought of that one Law &amp; Order SVU episodes where Olivia and Elliot went to a swingers club/party to scout out the suspect...
I expect to see groups like the UN and Amnesty International launch an investigation over the genocide of protesters and condemn turkey multiple times .
It's a testament to how good these have been that my first thought at viewing them is "nifty art style" and not "low poly count."
I don't have a problem with birth control, it's letting women have a choice that I have a problem with.
Is that the new Gigabyte gaming logo on his hat?
same thing happened when they lost the finals
Wow ok thanks.
before his nerf his winrate was 47%, already pretty low, but because he has the potential to outplay you he must be op
The US is on the forefront of medical research because of our our excellent postsecondary schools, not because it cost me over 40k in hospital bills for my daughters delivery last December.
Foot, meet mouth.
Yo mama so fat, Sweden thinks she's a Russian sub when she's out chillin' and swimmin'
And everyone knows international law is strongest law
Genius.
There were no multiple-part episodes last season, so some this season would be great.
Oh Mother Jones, no skewing of this story - at all.
Civilised democracy, and behaviour fitting of mature and educated leaders.
What does MFA think about an undercut with the sides shaved off completely?
Pennsylvania isn't too bad!
THEIR JOB CREATORS
I'm sure this will catch on.
you're the only one who has noticed this
Yes... because all the professionals use After Effects...
Yolo.
That's because Switzerland is irrelevant, if you really need to enforce a contract or resolve insolvency, you can always take a tiny army and walk on the country.
Only $60,000, yeah, what a shame.
ok... I can't believe they are printing discs for a game that is coming out in a couple weeks!
And the saddest part is that the self esteem boost comes best from perfecting something, moving up a belt, or just winning a sparring match.
Pfft, we don't need you with your facts!
Well *that's* a good idea
Frank is my favorite but the girls don't like straight Frankie for some reason (except for Victoria who gets turned on), the guys love him though.
Well that makes a ton of sense
Mystery Track was a secret collab between GQ, Ephixa and Tristam.
Fuck.
So, the best solution is obviously to give up your freedom.
Don't follow Bjj, but does Chael actually have a chance against this guy?
No
Yeah fuck those pleb scrub new players ruining this game.
oh that changes everything i see, your racism is perfectly fine then.
Oh I see the difference, you changed one word in the title and altered the punctuation.
Ok, glad we got this sorted out.
Silver II reporting in, you're clearly hacking.
wow, so impressive that you managed to thrash an enemy that was trapped in their base.
Not complaining but there should be a bakchodi or funny flair to make this subreddit even better.
Superiority is owning an Xbox One, a Playstation 4, a Wii U, a PlayStation Vita, a Nintendo 3DS XL, a $2000 Alienware prebuild and both the last iPhone and iPad, didn't you even know something that obvious?
Some vegetarians eat fish because "it's not meat", so fish are not animals.
They believe dying for this cause is the best thing that could happen to them (and their people), so ya - they want it to continue.
Could be the lens, I don't see it on the other photos... sensor is also possible, because of how crisp it is as it would be more blurry on the lens.
You know how we do
Guys, we got a commie here.
I don't think people in UT pay close enough attention to pace and header.
Realism
TRY MY AD JUNGLE GAREN BUILD AND TELL ME I DONT NEED MECHANICS
Those are some giant balls to back up your big fucking mouth.
Yeah although there is some dirt on the back of the controller.
I'll be there in my rave costume
Yes, because nothing says peaceful like burnt and scarred walls, boarded up windows, and filth piling upon the corpse-laden floor.
They should have approached them in church where that belongs!
No brakes less weight.
Stop Liking Things I Don't Like!
Yeah, that Joseph Gordon-Levitt sure is hitting a rough patch.
He is obviously a legit player, anybody can see that.
I didn't know a total of 5 games were even played this past week.
i think its meant to intimidate the person youre sneaking up on, they think theres 2/3 people and get scared.
Your post is bad, and you should feel bad.
because traditions where that insinuate women to be of less value are so great
Yeah, because he was totally gonna watch one episode of TLA every week and then wait years before doing the same with Korra, instead of watching it all at once.
I get better and more accurate news from the front page and even the "memes" (image macros) people make about news events than from "news" channels.
Yeah, because people with 100 m^2 garden have a livestock, and they never heard of lawnmowers.
But she can change him
ooc: No your pet is totally OP and needs to die.
BUT THEYRE CELEBRITIES THEY CHOOSE TO BE IN THE P7BLIC EYE DYASHEFSDWMDHM!
WELL GOOD THING WE RELEASED HER THEN, WOULDNT WANT ANYTHING WEIRD TO HAPPEN RIGHT
Heh, something like
This "purge" is basically the mod's way of showing PPDers how seriously they take this sub, which is not at all.
And sounds like LMFAO.
Wait until you here about science, instant atheism then!
That's almost one for everyday of the week!
I'm definitely going to use this scale from now on.
It's not incompetence or bullshit, it's all because of those damn white and south Asian men!
How dare that autistic 15-year-old neckbeard shitlord pick on and bully those helpless oppressed person-of-gender victims!
So conservatives get to go outside while liberals get stuck in a dreary room?
/targetporn in the near future...
Then you are clearly a liberal christian/console hating PC elitist atheist and should just kill yourself.
Because god forbid that anyone be casually interested in science without actually being a scientist.
Might I suggest relocating to either NOLA or NY/NJ -- according to people like Barton, those places are so full of the gay that God throws hurricanes at them.
Violence against men is totes cool amirite
#yoloswag9000over
This totally isn't corruption or anything
I'm going to make this again in a couple of days.
Added
IED
Pshh that's just ridiculous..
Thank god it was highlighted
How does it feel to be part of a parasitic superorganism in collabaration with the government in order to steal the monies of middle-class white men through taxes and the job market?
Forcing your ass and balls onto someone's face isn't gay at all, its just bromance.
I'll bet it's all those damn Chinaman in Hongcouver that support it.
Right, because being introverted is a mental illness that needs to be cured.
In addition: Because everybody (even the government) drinks alcohol it isn't a problem with that as they know how it works and can still make accurate predictions
I too have a pink pony dancing around on my WoW UI
Don't worry, once we stop helping those who need it, they'll be motivated to pick themselves up by the bootstraps and get jobs!
HAHAHAHAHA but.. you dont.. yo- nevermind..
so that's why my teammates have been saying that!
Totally unbelievable that America would allow this, what with all the recent bazooka robberies and homicides.
Nah OP your wrong, this is totally 95 near Miami.
Your prayers and hopes will be most helpful to everyone involved, thanking your taking the time to type this :)
Why let logic get in the way of criticizing other people!
Confirmado que los negros son de boca
Don't you know, you're all the same because you're brown!
The important thing about reading the Constitution is that all interpretations that don't strongly privilege conservative Christianity are mistaken.
Gee, I wonder if that's why James Clapper didn't get into any trouble for lying to Congress
But it's funny because her English isn't good!
I'm so very shocked that she's from Illinois
Yeah who uses Facebook anymore?
This in oculus rift would rule!
Yeah, not like family and friends waiting for you on land are worth living for.
I think you guys are all just jealous that the Bronies are stealing your reputation as the autistic fandom that loves inserting their recolored OCs in to shitty fanfiction.
Men: It is our responsibility to teach women how to improve themselves
One thing that Suey Park has taught us all is that it's not racism if the person your being racist to is white.
Well at least they haven't caught autism
Yeah, him alone.
Which episode did he say that in?
Aww, you didn't just use a real HK91?
You must bring a faculty member of the same gender as a date
Yum, cajun style'd sauce drippins
Thanks for sending over the best and brightest to start us off.
Yes because there's no way in hell people from other countries would be upset if they were put in the same situation
Petke could come out of retirement and be a player-coach
Nawh man, it's totally something you can control just by thinking about it.
fuck you and your opinion
I'm always confused why Fisher keeps getting resigned by OKC also.
The "goodbye, sweet prince" part reminded me of Coming to America, and since I always thought Patrice was insanely hot, I watched it again and sang along with Oha when he sang "She's Your Queen"... my neighbor filed a complaint with the judges on American Idol and I got fined... thanks for ruining my day OP!
You mean that delicious Senseo?
It's usually what works for me!
I was just thinking that after a couple of years you'd see some huge spiderwebs and how creepy that could be, but you... you put it so brilliantly - this would be perfect for shits &amp; giggles!
Power converters
I thought racism was over in america because we have a half black president
I can't wait for Ant's discussion of the SOTU.
Yep those goals were 100 percent on miller.
whoa that is a really surprising outcome..
Must've been a Tesla
If anyone asks you for a thorough, layman's terms explanation of Bitcoin, point them in the direction of any video with Andreas Antonopolous doing the talking.
Wow, a whole 30 pounds this guy must be ripped
Yes, I'm sure one of the largest corporations in the entire world gives a shit about the word of a lying addict versus a crew of workers who have been trained on how to dispense medication correctly while also spotting pill mills, shady doctors, and addicts.
You'll decide what's misleading when the Mods tell you!
Zombieland?
no you see, you are just too bad to know that the card is trash
she's just a spoiled brat!
I didn't know that
It's not bullying if it's e-bullying!
Oh, Thank god we found the solution!
In that case, you can cut your homework time in half by doing half your homework.
Conclusion: they are all stuck in elo hell
Yeah but we can't sell that, so it's worth nothing.
You mean shortening amber lights so you can boost red light ticket revenue doesn't increase safety?
Why, did you win something with it?
I was going to say just pull a grenade pin next to the other person then stab yourself in the neck a bunch before it explodes.
I think it's even sadder that so many girls want to separate themselves from being 'typically female' because feminine stuff is so shit upon on by society.
Looks like a sad hanging face
Good point!
Just because you look skinny doesnt mean your intestines are not surrounded in fat and your heart is about to give in.
I agree, I have this to say to the media, "just wait guys, he's going going to make a real fuck up any time now"
[](/rdwut) Whodawhatnow?
BroShep for boning all the female crewmates, FemShep for Jennifer Hale's voice.
\#crowhoenation \#throwdempizzalunchables
I don't want them then.
I would argue that his miracles supported his divinity and to take them out is to basically take Christianity's whole reason for existing away.
For the Matriarchy!
This isn't evidence.
huh?
I know, I feel like you'd need 2 chainz
Well there is that quote in Ether where their treasures get slippery.
Disappointed by the lack of people saying it is "Triggering"
Really glad actually :)
Right, that's the point I was trying to get at and did a bad job of.
Seems like that would be the expected content following a vowel obstruction.
i personally cant stand Tim and Eric, or really any thing they do.
Maybe.
ITT Sony circlejerk.
It would make killing the Razorbeaks a little bit easier.
*News Night* with Will McAvoy.
Sorry, I'll stop hounding you now.
It mentions Shuttle Loop, that's pretty much ALL of Brawl right there
Do you have a link to his apology?
The young tend to vote democratic
Send in Scott Walker to help those GOP brethren out
To be fair, the air force is a lot more advanced these days, and the deserts of Iraq are nothing like the jungles of Vietnam.
Well you admit commas are unnecessary.
They are an inside job.
They know some European navy will come and save them anyway.
Yes they do increase damage to equipment
In other news, the number of foreign recruits executed by ISIS went up by one today.
Can this be like, post of the year?
If one political party collapsed the other would go soon after and we might get enough political parties to have representative government.
i am depress
I use it it was what i learned in.
My guy is a dude.
But mods ruin games, you self-entitled PC elitists!
Can't be as big as Gay Days.
Being black is a choice, just look at Michael Jackson and Price.
3edgy5me
I really hope that in Japan weird nerdy kids obsess over Spongebob-Squarepants and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles like their something incredible and deep, and not children's cartoons
Can the mods delete this trash
*Mrs.
Requiem for a Dream.
But bro, Labor were arguing and shit so its logical.
Is American Lemonade different to English Lemonade because here its clear not yellow.
Talky, I know you're just being friendly, but you're distracting me and preventing me from getting my work done and I'd appreciate it if you kept the chit chat to a minimum outside of coffee breaks.
Well they do a fantastic job of baptizing 9 year olds and mentally challenged people so they have that going for them, which is nice.
Spanish Radar operator: fake Militia not possessing BUK: fake SBU phone recordings: Very Plausible (opinion)
That's just like, *your* opinion too, man.
About the worst clash of culture we can encounter
Yes, MLG recently brought it.
Are you also peeing a small stream of illuminated piss?
Best job - Holodeck porn program tester.
Pretty much any change will elicit complaints from people :P
Club legend already.
Having grown up in Florida, it bothers me that it isn't spelled "Tyndall".
He likes borderlands so I think he would enjoy fallout.
In 1972 they had to take those pictures on a roll and then get it developed.
keys*
It wouldn't surprise me that if that was promised the coalition would extend them all to 2021
HE MIGHT SAY, "AT LEAST I WASN'T IN PORTLAND."
Because poor white people are being oppressed and need more exposure and fairer treatment by a biased media.
My friends girlfriend is just like her, french fries and nuggets, no substitutions.
The first couple of Sebadoh tapes were very, very brown.
UMG is never on schedule :P
wat.jpg
Because the number of infected patients in the US can be counted on one hand.
Old as hell dawg.
Viveka
But the republicans have been telling me that only democrats do that!
I already miss the white shorts
You forgot the
No Holds Barred
Thought it was going to be his driving for a second.
They'd give him a police escort in texas
I love you, Allison.
But, they never explained how the cork worked!
why do it with only $15k of equipment when you can do it with $25k worth?
I just don't find it hard because he was a liability on one entire end of the court and didn't not shoot efficiently from the field.
It's actually an extension that must be downloaded from the Chrome App Store
I sense salt.
Mariana's Throat
Genocide Olympics woooo!
Nope, this is women we're talking about, there must be *some* nefarious reason instead
How much crap did your teammates give you about the modeling commercial?
haha ok watch it tomorrow and tell me that
He fits the profile
Oh and estimating durations/ schedules is a pain because unexpected events pop up because we didn't do enough planning.
You lie!
GT: casey717 28 Warlock.
*if it was possible.
I think the Town Hall should shoot troops, and a cannon be worth one star.
Caestus isn't even a good raw weapon lol
Yeah I'm thinking they weren't originally from Alberta.
These damn libtards with their global warming scam.
Pick a smarter date
Please, enlighten us by telling what YOU believe is actual journalism or journalistic websites.
WHAT WOULD YOU KNOW!
no, I think we've seen plenty
But did they make a meme about it?
Let's work on spelling three letter words before we confuse him with high level concepts like periods.
Just let them troll, report and hope riot perma ban them
Jailbreak your car!
The only comparison he was making were in their physical measurables, which is completely valid.
Just yell and spam "stop the ports" in chat
a hotdog from coles, a bun from coles and some sauce
Yeah but EG has trophies in non-dedgaems
But he apologized in a letter via twitter....that has to count for something right?
Because he was two much for Arsenal.
Hes the G.O.A.T.
Stronger magnet, a drill or glue some string to the magnet and pull.
dont worry, we are just using this to appease kessel when we inevitably get a real #1 C and dont need bozak anymore.
unlike a certain someone who just left us...
*superDrow
I think we should stay friends.
yeah Chris Foy will take any excuse to send off a Chelsea player.
Because Texas totally doesn't have palm trees.
I don't want him to make too much though, he might start juicing and he will be my Last Natty Hero to leave for the dark side of the swole...
i love this patch
And that launched Freddie Mitchell into superstardom.
Not even better than DJ Hall
Ya I fired it up on the engine stand, ran great!
really original.
Move to New Hampshire and make anarchist friends.
OMG only 3 lanes for cars each way
I live in the now
If a comment ever matched flair any better than this, I defy you to show it to me ... Have an upvote.
I got downvoted yesterday for echoing similar sentiments.
*brakes
Rick Santorum was right: Gay marriage has led to the Apocalypse with the spawn of man-on-horse sex.
Dice plz buff the gunship.
This actually makes me really happy - a bunch of your descriptive roleplay stuff (like the clothing shop) were really tingly for me, so I'm glad that's what you'd continue to want to make!
Planes, Trains, and Automobiles?
15 year old are not strangers to Marijuana...
Nah, they boofed it.
If I murder someone then set a nuke off right above their corpse, no one will be able to blame me for their murder.
He has the look of a 3rd world dictator.. maybe it too needs to be Americanized in the name of Democracy.
yEAH BUT THERE ARE MORE TWITCH VIEWERS FOR LEAGUE OF LEGENDS HAHA DOTA NERDS
Hindu-Jewish conspiracy
BMW boss gives a perfectly honest unbiased explanation on why BMW is better than Tesla.
Did he died?
That's sexist, those are gender signifies, it would not make sense at all to portray Suzy as someone who has naturally more prominent lips than a male or as someone who might chose to wear makeup.
Well sometimes when open minded adults have parties, they are "adult parties".
I wanted to do the guy from "Alien" with it bursting out from my stomach, but I have to be up at 6am on the first, and we don't get trick-or-treaters, so I guess my idea shall go unused...
I personally prefer having our dong, so when we colonize on their planet and Genghis Khan their villages they finally understand the star pattern
Han's blaster for surs
Viva la revolution beers!
I'm Daria.
We didn't even cross the 50 yard line.
I literally gasped when I heard that song the first time it caught me completely off guard
Woooooooooo!
Well if your SO isn't putting out, you should probably mention that you're not sure the relationship is worth trying for if sex is missing.
But you need a 4000$ PC to run that at same graphic quality as the next gen consoles...
The last large exercise ended with the invasion of Ukraine.
#yesallblocks
Looking at your post history you, won't be missed
Because he's too hot to handle indoors
Devil's advocate: since it's aesthetic, it's not unfair to keep it exclusive to players that put the most money in the game.
The ending of that movie was really suprising
All my comments are downvoted...
Since you posted this today, you should have said... "March Fourth" FTFY
Surely no one would abuse it!
Dude no, Pac-Man would be like, the worst character for Smash bros
How inspiring
inb4 ama
I don't see how he could.
You may want to be careful, the game is VAC secured and i think it checks the files for anything modified
Oops my bad
Nipple twist, these are the purple nurples
Incremental improvement is too slow and cautious We Redditors demand revolution!
LOL... Oh, SOLIDninja is definitely a woman... She likes Char from the Gundam series after all...
Dat NFL bias
Not at all, if I could have the same benefits that would be fine as well, I just think there should be a better balance..
While you're at it, can you type in IDSPISPOPD for me when I go to the bank?
I find men with guns and delusions of authority "crazy".
oh wonderful...
Ah step one, demonstrate value,
But you were a secret Joo
In the field just north of Berenzinho before the road becomes covered by trees on both sides, I have seen some animals
One of the characters actually did just that in the books.
The Hunt for Red October
wow funny
Have fun with that one.
They forgot the sarcasm modifier.
It's kind of funny that this story was published after the headlines about jameis Winston's interview last night.
Just eat a banana, drink some black coffee, and hit SS or SL 5x5 brah.
It's already on EBay.
He hates you but wants to spy on you, makes total sense.
That works every time, doesn't it?
Alaska
Yes, I am sure the poor college students are under siege.
I like to call it African Rabies...nothing bad is going to happen though
Oh yeah it is
Yeah, because before that KGB wouldn't find you.
we accept your invitation feel free to send friends request to us
D.A.R.E - Drugs Are Really Exciting
Nice mansplaining!
Tldw: they want to know you were on reddit for 3 hours, but not what cat pictures you were looking at
i have the same issue... isn't it awesome?
damn ure one smart guy
Oh but kids are little *angels* 24/7, and yours would be sooooo different!
Sexual assault is funny!
He died of cancer in 1985
But, honey deary sweetie pie, I have a king size bed!
I treat strangers like friends, this is totally the reason why i type "gg easy" at the end.
You can use
Coffee.
Nice Cheat Engine on Windows XP lol what a noob
Do people still measure?
oh no no no no no no no no no
Good one
Macedonia and Serbia too!
I heard that the Model S incurred *some* damage... I hope the IIHS investigates this *obvious* safety defect!
Buzz, of course!
Not sure if you are talking about sportsball or the actual election today...
Good job religion, you should totally continue to exist...
But my hidden MMR DDDDDDDDDDDDD:
My girlfriends parents thought I was a jerk for years before understanding that I'm just extremely shy.
Also, crouched shots, what is this Skyrim?
Because InPrivate really works well.
Not just you, it's burnt into my retina by now.
You peasant
Personally, I never thought a sarcastic comment could be considered an official prediction.
Yeah but who NEEDS work ethic when you're in a Union!
But those games are garbage anyway, no one cares about them and pc gaming is dying.
You really showed him.
Someone just needs to divide up the RGB colormap for the different races and ethnicities.
Dammit, now I can never watch that movie; it's ruined
More Schaub appearances plz!
I just love when I get up too fast and everything goes black for a couple seconds.
Grow some balls?
They'd never guess him being in Boston.
Just the PoE community not using twitch for VODs isn't going to do it as much, even though I wish it would.
Yes because children magically make people successful.
Time to hack my ps3 instead of waiting 2 days and supporting video game devs.
Just think, with a little more progress we can start burning them at the stake!
It's your fault that you are lazy and don't work.
...because there is just way to much content in this subreddit.
I'm sure that will be a BIG improvement over the current situation!
Global warming has caused this!
Lance Stephenson keeps stealing his rebounds, did you even watch the game?
ITS ALMOST AS IF DIFFERENT PEOPLE HAVE DIFFERENT OPINIONS LOOK AT ME I'M SO WITTY AND SMARTER THAN ALL THE OTHER REDDITORS HUEHUEHUEHUE
I heard he helped the Muslim terrorists plan Benghazi because Kenya and Libya both end in "ya", and he's a secret Muslim.
Yeah because that is a problem plaguing America.
Flowerkin*** stop mislabeling me flower =/= flowerkin ugh you're so oppressive
quality content right here
Well she was the main inspiration for the letter duh.
yes, it does, but maybe its also amplified by my super cool lizard man.
Because Short and Weak don't you know!
You know, because he's dead.
Black people are so 'eh', right?
la encarnacion del no future
Peyton Manning Jr or Tom Brady Jr available yet?
Sure thing, I'd love for redditors to know all information so they can report it, that's a fantastic idea!
We could have 1 more pick next year but we wasted a 6th rounder on Boldin.
But... It's _organic_... That means it's safe, right?
BUT I NEED DAT KARMA.
Facebook *is* the NSA dragnet
When I think of friendship I definitely think of mutual masturbation.
He told us he said "Good game" SHERMAN IS A DIRTY, LYING SCUMBAG!
Meera isn't being suspicious at all...
Not possible, Twitter's been telling me he's in Germany.
Then they wouldn't need men!
OMG This is so bad for the dog, can't you clearly see that she's in shock?
*Someone* saw Jacob's Ladder
Fleurr, we've gone over this, it's only a rivalry when it's convenient for UT.
I wouldn't be interested in a casual hook-up that wasn't going to result in PIV.
Yes, put "lol" at the end of the status to distract everyone from your stupid post.
trade everyone!
I don't know man, that freestyle was just okay... nothing really special about it
But he rhymes Nigga with Nigga.
I'll definitely look into it, thanks a ton!
Well, he was tresspassing.
Leans over and softly whispers in your ear, "debt ceiling"
dickhead....
Bargs and Shumpert for Gay?
Ask your doctor if Risperdal, Invega and Natrecor are right for you.
Isn't that Freicoin?
Comcast reportedly merging with OTA as a way to say "fuck you" to cordcutters.
How do you know demonic possession isn't a factor?
Americans need to understand what kind of a county they live in.
No, actually, that was the tamest thing I could think of.
He's gonna need them.
XD
We also have more people on both ends than the 1970s.
1984, Farenheit 451, and Stranger in a Strange Land all come to mind off the top of my head.
Rock River make a good rifle for the price.
The fact that 95% of philosophy majors end up working at Starbucks makes me LOL.
it was a joke
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
Series
Why?
I'm Canadian, can I come?
The way I learned it was: * First world: Everyone aligned with the US during the Cold War * Second world: Everyone aligned with the USSR during the Cold War * Third world: Everyone else
I was thinking, "that is a cute name, I wonder what it is... dear God."
Hey, smokeless powder has a lot of nitrates in it.
Yeah, the bellicose pronouncements of lawyers involved in trials are to be taken with a grain of salt.
Making shit up is even edgier.
gay = bad fiscal policy It's in the Bible!
The very question is pussiful.
Misguided, even.
Sweet the daily american bashing.
I wish I had money to hold a pimp cat photoshoot at my apt.
Sheldon can finally get some sleep now.
Ramires the killer of goalchances.
Smowthing
Go to the library, find the relevant books, and learn how to keep up some semblance of normalcy.
You're catching on!
I came here to ask where the hell he got that, that's totally awesome
Looks like nuketown 2.0
That joke is older than 2013, you're not even that original, c'mon now.
That actually *was* a pretty big deal for Fight Night, as I recall, which was one of the really impressive launch titles that time around along with CoD3.
What is the name of the second throw?
Considering that the announcement video came out on the official NoitaminA channel 3 days ago, I'm surprised that it took ANN this long to report it...
phucking*
Not sure if hot, or creepy
Quick get a trampoline!
Poughkeep C
Cuz its not in a church, during a 2 hour long sermon?
Sneeze?
Even I did, and I HATE the Leafs.
Apart from not answering the question, why would an Islamist vacuum be better than a mildly anti-Israel state?
SHARED-ADDRESS-SPACE-RFCTBD-IANA-RESERVED
Shhhh he's spewing his american hate!
they forgot, "i hate dogs."
New Trier represent!
:train:
Have an up vote.
The debate in the comments over the use of "You Won't Believe Aren't Photoshopped" was ridiculous and of course it degenerated further into a debate over what constitutes "true colour".
If they just disappeared, without anyone actually realizing it, I think that hardly anything would change
I really liked ''Brb computer store is closing'' hahaha, nice vid.
Yeah, but you can get quality drinks for half the price from just as nice and passionate people at places like The Windmill Lounge
Some cats can be dangerous..
What the fuck is this shit
I..uh..actually was gonna say that too... But..I'm too late..... Now I get the downvotes for being too late.... :(
What's this about fluoride?
Stop it, you're being too political.
Shooting an unarmed driver after the chase is over...God Bless America.
That *has* to be something illegal, you don't use large files or fast internet for anything other than piracy!
dat.... sword looks beast!
The finish is flat, not glossy.
TIL my blinking habits are unusual...
XBMC for Android?
ITT: Really great discussion with logical and well thought out points.
because women are an finite resource that must be coveted, protected and managed like property.
Moebius post...
Wish the back of the Weston was still open like that, it would be so much nicer.
Makes it easier for the CSI crew to piece together the shooting.
prepare yourselves for the endless number of slow mo replays to be shown of cars going through here this weekend...
Or the beginning of WW2.
I bought her dinner, hung out for a few hours, then stayed up all night playing Dark Souls and (very slowly) downloading TF2.
i guess girls can't roofie drinks
Or parkhurst
Why didn't *I* think of that?
...and this is why I need feminism.
Dude, creepy as fuck.
To be fair, this is the only one of the 7 subreddits that I subscribe to, so I'm glad it got posted here.
You can disable it...
Yulee is... *okay*...
I could also do with more Seth Green stop motion animation shows.
PIPA actually, SOPA is the House Bill.
That shit's been around a lot longer than KFC.
Pretty sure he has a home..
I find downvoting spammers to be more relaxing than painting.
I think that technically makes you a "wanker"
Keep faith in Jesus, he'll do the rest.
Where did you change your video settings ono the Xbox?
You like it.
But it is OK to have selective memory about players who have left us
You might want to consider moving to a different city if hobos pissing down cracked car windows is a problem where you are right now.
Are you serious ?
I've read the rules half a dozen time trying to decipher which one you are removing the post under, I am not sure which one you mean.
[If you save him, he headbutts you and falls anyway.]
I was being sarcastic due to the butthurt over BE moving in next to Good People
And with the sexy explosions in BF4.. *swoon*
What is that on the right?
Right, it's not like they can just hire more doctors.
Completely agree that violence is an abnormal part of being human.
Surely there is an REI near by...
Not interested and "that's pretty nasty and cruel" means "yes keep trying", clearly.
Can you say owned in Russian?
This
Agreed.
Finally, women starting to take some responsibility!
Even before he moved to Spurs, I liked him for his poor showings with Chelsea.
ITT: People who don't know a good burger when they see one.
Man I must have been sloshed on Sunday, I simply do not recall the action happening that quickly.
As long as they have health insurance!
They made a V10 Challenger a few years ago
They have to tell us, otherwise it's entrapment.
very Bond
Very nice, how long have you been doing aquaponics?
You mean to tell me Indiana's defense isn't as good as State's?
Yep, there's no way the kid may decide to start throwing up after he eats instead of working out.
It's great that we now have a President who brought **change** and has stopped the PRISM program.
I'm saying that if anyone wants to know more about this picture they can also check those other discussions for possible information.
You know it's an educated response when it starts out with "you are wrong"
But markets are EVIL!1 Supply and demand is capitalist propaganda.
It's almost like they're internationally releasing a gaming console or something!
looks like everyone is playing nice here... this is one of those issues where it's fair to say ALL of us don't approve... regardless of political ideology, so if we're all on the same side, what can we actually do?
What's the point of gathering the opinions of millions of users if you can't reduce everything to two poles?
Now, now, don't you ruin the party with your facts and numbers.
I totally imagined this situation played out with op as droopy dog.
It does say black out info it doesn't need
[](/rdsad) I was gonna see it Friday night...then the water nation AND air nation attacked!
Vulcun will be Top 3 in NA for worlds, you heard it here first.
If I'm not mistaken, that was also a plotline in an earlier season of True Blood
Yeh, I should be able to gain state secrets with a simple request to the government, right?
If only they would read my FB posts!
No, you just don't understand...
You obviously don't have any faith!
I know I was confused at which answer meant "people should be allowed to fly in essentially anything they want" before realizing neither option meant that.
Hail Satan!
idiots thinking they can have freedom of religion
They're not bicep curls, they are arm squats.
Yeah, those Gen-IV LS motors are real unreliable turds, aren't they?
I thought we only had Pakistanis lurking here.
Thank you for the recognition!
people said the same thing about topher grace playing venom, and he is arguably the best movie villain ever.
And I'm sure you *love* the NCLB policy...
Thanks, obama.
I've seen that there is also a smaller vocal group who see libertarians as "secret Republicans," or people who want to be similar to Republicans without giving themselves the name; which in my opinion is just completely wrong.
BJP- Saviour of our democracy ...whats funny han ?
They should just be grateful they work in the greatest country in the world!
It's always tough to see through homer glasses, but obviously Bettman has rigged this series in favor of the Rangers.
Obviously DICE's fault.
fuck trading intelligent comments for karma, ill take that sweet sweet doctor who karma any day.
So obviously physics is the culprit and should be outlawed.
Its nice that a secret organization like the illuminati is leaving us clues so we can find them.
Well its Saturday nightso you know all the fun people are on Reddit
y bueee... si les gusta andar en pelotas que se le va a hacer?
No banning the primary function of an entire category of firearms is TOTALLY what Scalia meant when he referred to acceptable historical restrictions on firearms.
Because you should unlock everything with zero effort!
Doesn't everyone on reddit by now?
Why ever would we assume that?
Yeah, by the looks of it Bayern's dominance is declining already.
Only if you use the doctored statistics that allow women to be violent...
Women have no agency.
I know you are, you said you are, but what am I?
Oh, well then the audience behavior is completely excusable.
That's the money he saved on not buying a white baby.
The most important thing to remember here is that this is all Israel's fault
Thank you :)
####He is probably the most abusive of the mods.
Can you donate the hair?
Great work!
Derrick?
$20 for 20+ hours of gameplay per DLC oh man what a waste of money
Its not like humans have changing emotions or something.
5" risen MTB bars with ergon grips and tall bar ends pointing up, all on LHT.
Needs more flip clock
He looks like carl sagan.
Yeah, that .01% that is spent on science really justifies the huge military budget.
Only way they are getting in here is if they cross the border illegally.
What, don't you appreciate your 75 xp for an MBT kill?
well I don't need any more proof than that
It sure is nice that a Senator donates 100 million to NASA.
Sorry for not having a view that confirms with the reddit hivemind, and I apologize if that annoys you
I'm sure True the Vote and all the other "electoral integrity" obsessives and hysterics will be right on this real and actual threat to electoral integrity....
Probably because they're still in jail for trivial drug offenses.
Charter schools admit students based on lottery, because so many parents want there kids in these terrible schools?
yea because asking a table if they want to die is totally the way to handle things
Fair enough, after the first time I got out I couldn't understand why I was so spent on staying where I was from.
i heard one of them become an american president
Buying Robben?
I"m so glad NFL fans have embraced this awesome WWE tradition.
It's so much more fun to constantly re-learn things isn't it?
It'll be awesome that if they show up again they have real goatees cause Abed says to wear the fake ones until they grow real ones :P
I thought you became an atheist to piss your parents off.
Of course nuclear power is safe...
Behold, the master troll!
AHAHAHA, gay stereotypes are so funny.
Damn you guys , Cant get away with anything here.
Beatles, move over.
Yeah, that'll work.
What could possibly go wrong?
You must have been stopping for a red light, what the hell is wrong with you?
I'm SHOCKED that Nebrasketball didn't merit quite as lengthy a preview as Michigan or Ohio St.
White people aren't a race, they are the evil oppressive enemy.
This response seems totally proportionate.
How about filing it under vaporware for now?
That's a slippery slope.... first your family saving money, then BLAMMO President Fidel Castro!
They must be Christians if they disagree with Gay rights.
[](/derpshrug) I have no idea what you are talkign about.
Because cats totally never dart out the door at the slightest opportunity, especially when they know you aren't watching.
But you *do* like pot, right?
NO ITS JEHOVAHS WORK
You forgot
Okay, I've come to the conclusion that the whole website has been written by Brucie from GTA 4.
I love the sarcasm tag.
I tho this was a joke because he was sick, lo and behold he's actually dead.
They're too irrational and emotional and indecisive.
Yup, and we strand our old people on ice floes too.
So what..
Don't worry, nothing ever happens on college campuses.
Nailed it!
Sexual assault is hilarious.
Yet somehow china had the largest population.
Personal invite from Salazar.
guess i should've added an
Yes, disenfranchising potentially hundreds of thousands of citizens is **totally** equal to practically non-existent in-person voter fraud.
Oh god, is that you Ozzie "back of the baseball card" and all that.
Well clearly if you didn't have a vagina, you could drive 6 kinds of golf cart so there!
Talk about a renewable resource!
Why do you hate women?
Rage comics, just what this sub needs.
Don't be silly, it is all your fault, after all, you were the one who bought the server
Okay
Aww but ya just ruined all that historical collector's value, everybody knows Mosins are super valuable but you just went ahead and ruined it... bummer man, you messed up big time.
Mexican here, I drink diet coke.
Misandry!
And when I read that I conclude that you are American.
Because Europeans have this shit hardcoded into their DNA, AMIRITE?
Yes, because you're not supposed to do any writing in college.
WILL YOU RESURRECT YOURSELF WITH EVERY DOWNVOTE?
Yes lets generalize a whole population by acts of few and boost our own superiority complex.
Actually those numbers strike me as pretty low.
But that would never happen - we're America and we're always right!
But you know, the "job Creators" buy more things so they pay more of the sales tax in proportion to the "welfare state" so we should set a limit that after your first 100k of goods, you no longer have to pay sales tax.
Yeah, and all those OWS protesters can just rot in jail.
Yeah, and greats like Christine, Firestarter, and Cujo !
Brilliant logic.
Darn...
Where did you read/extrapolate that from?
Yes because obviously you pronounce it exactly like the English word Can, and it means the same thing...
You already speak the most spoken/used langage on earth without learning another one... Yeah, a total disadvantage...
I'm just trying to imagine what would happened if her straps broke and she "fell" on him.
thedeathgrapes wrote: Bugs are hilariously silly
That's why we invented tablets!
I think it's a given to compare the CTS-V to the M series BMWs and not the base models, considering M and V are the respective in-house performance tuners.
I thought we all forgave EA because of the humble bundle.
Yes, the game is a critique is Objectivism and free-market capitalism.
not sure if simcity 4 is really "forgotten" but it does have a large modding community.
Yeah I have another account that I forgot the password to that's been here almost 2 years now and I've never seen it either.
Oh a google label ringtone, brilliant idea.
If this is like the old map CivCraft 1.0, nothing happens in chunks that aren't loaded by someone on the map.
Because if you're wrong once, you're always wrong, right?
And yet, people of all shapes and sizes did it for decades without any problem because of the outfit they'd wear with it, aka a suit.
He's onto the 1020 now but is mad it is WP8 instead of something "usable" like Android and iOS
if you don't mind me asking, what program do you use for the painting, and what input device?
My life is a lie
not sure if sarcastic, trolling or moronic.
As a guy who had him on my fantasy team, shit.
And then he does it, but the second one is ruled a triple and an error, and the kid gets mad.
Now ask how many of them actually listened to the album.
Yeah man that Maze's End is critical to my manabases
Spec Ops: The Line is one of the least fun games I've ever played and one of the best games I've ever played.
Shhhhh don't tell anyone, I'm back doing recon.
muggles.
Getting warmer.
Nick Saban isn't going to get off of his thrown of ripped up scholarships, broken Auburn paraphernalia and Vols low down and dirty snitches.
Bucks County, Pennsylvania?
I would go one step further: include political lobbying along with management and fundraising in that 70% cut off.
It's kind of like having eternal youth.
Citation for this?
I know the feeling I PAY for 50/15, but I actually barely get the 25/5 as Cablevision has a "Up To*" clause saying you can get up to those speeds, but aren't guaranteed them.
Cry me a fucking river
Point made.
You seem like you aren't quite that smart.
Clearly all that depth is doing them a whole hell of a lot of good.
61 F next monday AWWWW YEAHHHH
lemondogs bro
I can't wait to eat that ~~monkey~~ kitten.
For whatever reason, LT's career was a blur to me.
I'll just wait for the American remake that will be sure to keep it as close to the source material as possible.
Looks like something out of Golden Compass.
You know, I thought it looked like water too.
Okay, I could see being scared and shit, but I'm not masturbating in hospital rooms.
Because that worked out so well for West Germany when the wall came down.
Holocaust 2.0 literally hitler et al..
It says he was bought him for 6.4 million and has only 2 years left on his contract.
Please tell me you've seen Portlandia
yeah going to miss their antics.
As a country, we shall use Poutine as a currency !
No we don't.
Can't wait for little kids to see this and start spraying each other with toxic chemicals.
Didn't notice
Is that a joke?
Agree on the parents and peers, but education if there was a good one should have an influence on all of these people.
Too much cake!
what else did he tell about the game, did it run well?
Good question, but I will accept a reputable news source as a first cut.
As a vegetarian, I can confirm: charcoal is much better.
Maintenance
Awesome, thank you!
Yes, because what's on your desktop = what's on everyone else's desktop.
The camera has to be farther away?
Yes.
The development here seems to be going smoothly...
It helps if you rotate the character in 3D as you make them...
That's the guy from Pink Floyd, right?
Safety systems functioned as designed: WTF
What a classy combination.
PSA just had a sale for $50 + ~$8 shipping.
How does one even measure such a thing, when privilege can translate to disadvantage in a given circumstance?
if it's vampire owned you can't kick the person out, that's why he bought the house in the first place.
can't tell if
Seems like a waste of a good ship.
Boy, that was helpful.
Historical racism and generational poverty of course have nothing at all to do with that.....
Like a sir.
you forgot the
[It's snowy, so it must be north yankton]
You can still teleport :) That site is using a ton of strikethrough text, so it's definitely not mobile friendly :)
YEAH GLAD SHE'S SELF-AWARE AND HAS YOUR APPROVAL BECAUSE OTHERWISE SHE WOULD JUST BE A WORTHLESS FATTY
Wait, this is at LAX I have seen that guy before...
It was, watch his health and CD's carefully, he would have died a few times without the bug.
But... But... fat people are gross
F*KIN A. another brilliant example of fox news' intelligence
A modern day Shakespeare.
If he is eligible for a permit then why can't he buy one and gift it to you?
You haven't had enough beer then.
**Alhamdullilah** for having US citizenship!
Yes, every last one of us.
They are clearly taking that adage, "keep your friends close, but your enemies closer," a little too seriously.
pretty much every Nickelback song
with no one officer being suspended for more than 10 days Makes sense, it was only an average of 2 shots per officer
*True* scotsmen are the scotsmen out fighting in the battlefield for their country.
The same thing that happens with most petitions [Nothing at all]
I'd like to think John Glenn's orbit of the earth in '62 helped but yea, JFK was popular in some circles too I've been told.
I don't know...GoT may not be popular in a year...
Congress stooge
These controls are too hard to use, too!
You'd think they would put the ad in the client also to further prevent blockage from dev tools.
Works fine for me :(
Skyrim has been better than others; but yeah, bethesda games have a bad track record for stability.
you forgot the
considering that he just took away unemployment benefits for 70k, clearly he has turned our economy around!
Looks interesting, thanks for the recommendation.
it's even more awesome when the last word is an insult.
Silly, protein can't make you fat it's used for working out!
He's not just trying to hurt the man - he's out to end his career!
SHOCKING!
And the WBC obviously.
but we've told him to hurry up so why won't he release the game?
So then, if Jesus is God, and Jesus walked around, and walking around is changing location and body position, he obviously not be God.
You sure told her.
Worst player in history or biggest bust ever?
But wait... it's not a picture with big white words on it, so it can't be a meme, right?
Good plays but you know in lol its because they are bad not because you're good
**Darren McFadden** If you can pick him up in the second round (which for some reason seems the case) he is a steal.
At least he's not a racist.
was rock and roll involved?
Ah okay, thanks for the information!
Sir or Madam, you are getting a upvote just for you user name.
Except he's been deployed for 2 years.
The motto should not be: Forgive one another; rather understand one another. 
Whatever meth Badger was able to be on without looking like a junkie.
SO FUNNY!
for the $5m pretty new football stadium.
Ya, screw improvements and better designs.
The reason there is no jobs is because of Obama care, obviously.
Call me an asshole but I would prefer he invested that 10 billion dollars to build a decent OS.
Then use 3!
I boned two girls; you should want my d.
Yeah because Romney wouldn't have allowed this to happen.
Because it corrupts our youth, and raises an immoral society
They obviously smoke the shit out of them.
Well I only really play Execution so no Boomshot which makes it so much better!
Well I sure hope we buy another CM instead of a CB to keep up with them.
It's why Abstinence Only Education is so effective.
no matter how good or bad you are you will always have just about 50% win ratio
Am I the only one around here who doesn't get a hard on when they play a game with a girl?
I doubt they could find 12.
This is what Private Messaging is for, dumbass.
Sorry, as someone who has studied cultural demographics, I cant help but laugh at the concept of lumping "Immigrants" as a homogeneous grouping.
Is this when you can say, "I told you so"?
Good thing I didn't wash it, because that, I did not know.
Yep, that WAS rage-inducing, alright.
upvote for the username
Sure, because they totally didn't plaster their April Fools joke all over social networking sites this time.
Use a blowtorch
I decree it's OK to rape Syrian Islamic clerics.
I wonder if students are too big to fail?
mix of rain and snow, what a lovely day it will be...
Gosh reddit I would figure you would be more enlightened, tranny is a derogatory term we prefer transgender!
Brad Jones?
NEW RULE: If you do 82 per cent of your business in my country, you must pay 82 per cent of your taxes to my country.
And the fact with space being mother fucking huge doesn't affect it at all.
After you, Sir
It's 18, DUH
Because they were so honorable
Yeah, those fights sucks..
But if he's gay, he wasn't defending America, he was *cruising the showers*, obviously.
Just because it was a landslide in the metric we use to elect the president doesn't mean it was a *real* landslide!
Al Gore is one a' dem islahms?
seems equal.
God I love spending taxes on witch hunts... It's just so productive.
Well I believe him... he cannot tell a lie.
I had the understanding that ANYTHING not produced by the right wing was against them and a conspiracy to bring them down.
Yeah, how awful of them to show the coach's family reacting to the game.
Yeah, WAY better than any other planeswalker ultimate...
Zimbabwean dollar or USD?
Nice try, guy who works for Nickelback.
I sure didn't see that coming
Maybe he wanted to apologize!
then you should have stayed your senior year
Hey this is nothing compared to what's going to come out in DSM-VI.
Yes let's just **drop it** because dropping stuff never ever breaks it.
Lawls, caught in the spam filter.
spreading like a wildfire even.
I know right, it's not like you can do 1 hours worth of studying in 20 minutes by RTFQ.
This apology makes Libyans weak.
Does that mean they are going to try to get some of that ObamaCare cash?
Because it is more important to talk about NFL training camp.
I mean it's not like she's suing the city for hundreds of millions of dollars for an accident.
Great, hopefully they can excavate the area and let the Italian government maintain it like they've done so well with Pompeii and Herculaneum
We should really silence those blasphemers.
I thought Bowling for Columbine was as fair and balanced as they come.
I'm starting to wonder if his sacking was just a clever ploy to troll fox from within... Dang shifty liberal media conspiracies!
oh man, astronomers are really baffled this time!
Yea because if it was a big company they would totally need to pay.
Fuck I enjoyed this at a [7].
Nice try asus rep.
Thank you, I appreciate it.
Yeah, wanting a night for yourself when she's away is SO bad, and masturbation in a relationship is HORRIBLE!
His powers rival those of Aquaman in pointlessness.
Oh, I must apologize, I didn't realize it was unreasonable for a 30 year old man to want to have sex.
Yes the appropriate response to someone trying to take your things is a horribly slow and painful death.
They're obviously just afraid of losing to a girl.
But remember, The free market will solve all racism!
Yeah, they'd be better off with no job!
It's run by that super evil company, Microsoft.
Because it's impossible that people genuinely enjoy this game.
Dried pufferfish!
I'm a consumer and I want free stuff for my game because I bought it.
You racist bastard.
You forgot
Socialist!
No...didn't you know the Wild Rose party say's cig smoke does good things.
Yeah, that comeback showed a complete lack of poise
If they let subscribers access the highest quality versions with no DRM can you imagine how quickly those shows would leak to the pirates on the internet?
It's such a big deal that he said that.
Yes, clearly it's his fault when women lie to him.
shut it or we'll stab you.
It means you hate Mormons
This has never been suggested before on this subreddit.
Thank my white, Christian God for neo-cons and their smaller government that promised to focus on fiscal policy and pressing issues this term!
oh goody I can't wait.
So it didn't work the last two times, must be because it was too small.
Ohhh come the fuck on, spoiler alert man.
Boners are technically compliments!
One has almost no human population The other has an outstandingly high death rate
Putting the punchline in the title, job well done
good luck on moving, hope everything goes smoothly!
I love you church.
I am redditors and that is what us sound like.
... and those adoring, cheering crowds are getting smaller every day.
I think you guys are just really good at offense.
Welcome to the dark side, kiddo.
God damn it.
I'm hoping this one is successful, but I fear that it will be another 8Pen
Tom Cruise
Sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
^ What he said.
Winter
Throw in some Hypno Pokedex information, and now you need to change your pants
You forgot the narwhals and the puppies
This...this so hard.
It's really a state wide thing, mostly New Orleans and Lafayette.
He also forgot that Portland is the hometown of the creator of the Simpsons and Futurama.
Such is karma.
TIL that I also have more net worth than 30% of Americans.
##Scumbag Church: ####Makes people euphoric from a phoney god's blessing.
They've celebrated Tesla several times in the past.
I want to put that nug in a grinder and see how it feels
Don't be such a faggot and ask him to leave, faggot
I really wouldn't.
A Lamborghini V12 isn't spectacular enough for you?
Amia Moretti/Miley Monsters of Cock.
A discount double choke as it were...
I like the Seahawks.
Heeelllll yeah.
Just stop filming, we didn't want to see the rest.
After 7 kids I'd hate my ripped vagina as well!
Congress made the choice years before Obama was elected when they passed the laws to do this.
Poor thing, having an aunt who buys you awful presents.
NBC is pushing a sports network?
But all she wants to do is kiss for hours!
Thanks for the reply, much appreciated.
Also got a skysplitter from O2, so yeah it's definitely not a replacement.
It's proper to feel ashamed that you like coldplay, and your friends are right in making fun of you.
While it helps to read more, you could probably start reading at Batman #13 and be fine.
You omitted the
Rum and coke for me.
All hail the power of the cosplay.
boys will be brainwashed to become suicide bombers.
With a username like "BuckeyeGTI", I'm assuming he's from Michigan.
Prust's impact on a game is clearly underrated.
Could be Ronnie Lott
I'm excited for the Following to return
Yeah, vets are just overpaid jerks.
How often do you masturbate?
she's too much of a christ freak, i would be willing to bet she doesn't put out at all.
I love your double entendre.
How do you know he doesn't have ESD protected sheets?
Good old comet boogers Sounds like some post-rock band name
Puts the circle pits at Slayer shows to shame.
Of course the president would support this!
Especially since the *vast* majority of his documentation is just powerpoint briefing slides, something that would be very easy to fake.
I think that's enough internet for today...
You are both arguing semantics.
But *its cute*!
That actually isn't too far off, at least in the books (I haven't seen him in the show).
It's only one hour ahead.
It's like his middle name is scary to ignorant people.
Thanks Obama.
The most insane shit I've ever heard.
....... They have better things to do than watch you play video games....
That was my favorite!
Also If he has a PS3, he can use the SCP driver pack to have a wired or bluetooth PS3 controller for the PC!
I bet you're a dirty boy.
But bitcoin is not backed by anything, so this service is useless.
You could have a club and everything.
They will if the other providers don't start offering a better service at better prices.
I saw him knocking around here a while ago, claiming the letter was forged by the CIA.
Novelty accounts are witty and original.
I was trying to power my boiler with creosote, trying out new things never got a chance to find out how well it worked
Because Texas
So authority is appropriate if used for good?
Seems legit.
I meant that feminists want things like women to make more money, but they don't want women to do things like take more dangerous jobs.
He would know, wouldn't he.
Because GAYne West is a (c)rapper that destroys real music like le metal
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com)?
You...didn't notice that you had dropped it in a tub?
How much longer can this get drug out?
50 pages in 2 days, that's almost nothing.
I've been using Astrill for the better part of a year now and have had no problems.
dragon balls
**PSA** New survey for more results will be launched shortly, watch this space!
But... I thought he wanted to go to Texas.
I'm going to say that you don't understand the point.
And then we get a superbowl
And liberal pundits everywhere agree.
Yea, fuck you, Microsoft, for listening to all the rage from the internet and making changes to the platform.... you guys can go fuck yourselves
we are too well fed.
I long for the day when, in this country, private money is out of politics.
I would find it amazingly entertaining if this somehow slipped into the Faux News feed during prime time.
Mike "Mike" Miller?
Two countries separated by a common slanguage.
She's probably worried she'll get pregnant from being in the same bed with him.
BECAUSE ALL LIBERTARIANS JUST SIT IN THEIR BASEMENTS AND SELL HENTAI
Time to add some more decks to the stadium and go after Saban.
Good thing i bought an authenticator especially for the RMAH, now that aren't 10 bucks wasted.
Yea, if people want to dress there kids up all sexy and parade them around then they should be allowed
yeah because your response wasn't a hostile, insane rant that makes feminazis appear like rational men.
Yeah, Mother Jones is just more tabloid scum trying to get a rise out of the ignorant masses.
Thank you Drug War, for putting this dangerous threat to society in jail!
Source?
It is a trap component meant for weapon traps.
Imma let you finish, but Gene Wilder was the best Willy Wonka of all time.
It's because he's playing with an All-star!
I've quit smoking cigarettes, instead I use my e-cig religiously but when I'm drinking I will also resort to a cigar in a heart beat.
Well bust out the big box of crayons and color me shocked.
I would love for someone to draw me, but I never get picked in these things.
Don't forget Legend in Richmond, VA!
Late 20's to mid 30's.
America does wear the pants in every international relationship, so sure why not.
Yeah, but he's so awesome since he won in London for us
What, you don't like bending over backwardly while trying not to make contact with the toilet?
thankful malaysia masih aman unlike zimbabwe
Yeah, there are no recon on rooftops who cover capture points or the main bridge thoroughfares of Shanghai.
Yeah, they *totally* seem like the kind of people to say something like that.
Yes, that is why so many cable companies are doing so well and are so innovative.
Yeah, that always works
See, this is why the EPA needs to be shut down for good!
Yes, that makes it okay
Exquisitine Buble Schwinzlow
They program the game specefically for that hardware, derefor we win u nub Console: 1, PC mustard race: 0
Which we know the word of god is infallible because it says so in the bible!
Because Islam made them do it.
Didn't you know, it's impossible to play video games and live a normal life at the same time!
Right, because systemic forms of oppression just totally don't exist, and certainly don't color our every action as a society.
Yeah TIL I might not be as sad next time I see a picture of myself.
It didn't help though...
Because supporting 70+ people, having mod support, having huge maps, editor, custom missions and more means that it's a shitty engine.
The irony is, that as these things go, it is not a particularly large device (only 23 kilotons) the Soviets tested the largest one ever exploded (50 megatons) and with a fusion bomb there is no theoretical limit to the yield.
I'm sure this happens more than you would think.
Rihanna in Battleship
So everything I linked must just be a crazy coincidence!
Not necessarily though I'm sure more details will come to light soon.
Yer a longboarder, Harry.
I'm pretty sure it was done nice and legit like everything multinational corporations do.
why would you want Polish citizenship ?
You forgot the
NO WAY MAN SHES WAY TOO SELF-CONFIDENT FOR ME YOU CAN HAVE HER
Wait man these people might know what they are talking about... I mean they aren't you and don't know your exact situation, but based off what you have told them they think you're wrong, you should probably listen to these guys!
Spay and neuter your pets!
Just like 9/11.
Yeah, and i'm considering neymar for my sunday league team.....
Insulting people is definitely the method I have found most successful at getting them to see things from my view point.
Whatever is necessary to keep from having to face the truth that bad parenting caused it I guess.
Young parents paying for the old people... Good idea.
Gamekeeper turned poacher?
Nah man, when Blacks say Nigger, it's still racist!
Abraham Lincoln once said, "If you are a racist, I will attack you with the North"
She has a thigh gap..clearly a hardbody.
Yes, I am sure they put it off a week so they could file on his birthday.
I bet Xbox will do something better than PS+ for the nextbox, just make sense.
But it's *art*!
That's not what Assassin's Creed taught me, so it must be false.
This.
dogs do be like dat doe.
Miranda.
Haha no doubt no doubt
You have an amazing grasp on libertarianism.
I'm impressed by how you manage to break down excessively complex interactions to just two Universally True^TM concepts
Well, it works the other way, why not both?
Abstinence only gun education, works for sex.
I'm sure you can effectively take them to court in a timely, affordable fashion and get it all sorted out.
But remember everyone, the market self regulates in everyone's best interest, and unions are scary.
*It is unclear what caused this huge change in policy right after E3*
but they've added the start button back!
Maybe we need a separate client that combines all these other clients content
Comment Karma:-1513 I admire your tenacity.
you mean invading countries like iraq isn't important?
add me to the list
Let us pray, Dear Ron, our Lord and Savior, Kick the fucking shit out of these neocon bastards Amen
9gag9gag9gag upvotes to the left.
The Judean People's Front is in favor of your statement.
Noooo, what makes you think that?
Because Kane is a younger star who really needs the push.
Didn't you know, anyone that does ANY right click damage at all is a carry.
How many other people are you caring for right this moment?
No one is allowed to offer any other perspective than the one you agree with, I guess.
wow..... no one has ever posted this before.....
But, but, but...voter fraud never happens!
I don't know, can you?
Good to see that the level of discourse is still highly intelligent around here.
So glad we spend a trillion a year on the military instead of healthcare, education, or infrastructure that would benefit the populace paying for it.
as a guy, I don't care if women face the same situation, because I'm a guy, and as a guy, only care about things that effect guys!
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit this hasnt been done before
I'm waiting for this to be x-posted to certain subreddits showing who's "most likely" to accept bribes for votes... Not to make this political...
I'd love to date you
The use of caps really sold the joke.
*Capital* 'J' for Jedi, none of that grammar shit for the lord and saviour oh no.
Non-Christian societies have never supported patriarchy
It's funny because natural disaster.
Damn, this subreddit sure is bloodthirsty.
Not when from Liberals or NDP, only conservatives because everyone knows Haper is like Hitler
Yea, every time I see a designated driver at my favorite bar, I make sure to let the bouncers know so they can kick them the fuck out.
Right, and agriculture wasn't important in other countries?
Because skin color... They aren't like us!
You're just the angry, militant atheist.
The private prisons have to be filled somehow
Gotta love will-to-work states...
I just hope the refs for the match have received their instructions from UEFA by now, otherwise we may be faced with a final that doesn't include Barcelona...
Thanks :) Hope it clears up misconceptions and informs the ignorant.
It's also very clear that Romney loved the 47%.
That will teach him to mess with reddit!
UGHGH I am SO tired of **AGE DISCRIMINATION** on Reddit!
They hate us for our freedoms.
Pshh, I did that in a game of 2K13 in a quarter
yeah man i really can't stand this 70 degree weather.
I heard Tobey Maguire is pretty keen on getting it made.Akira might rise from the ashes yet
Yes, because the Chinese are known for showing American investors/buyers their worst factories and not their best.
I actually have you at +18 right now... holy god.
Do they live underground?
I'll pay you more if you can do those "magical" things for me.
In their defense, everyone is guilty of something.
I like how if I click on this link from a mobile device I get redirected to the login page.
No way, Tamriel is way bigger than an entire star cluster.
Agreed, people should be ashamed of their naked bodies
OBOOMBA IS BREAKING PEOPLE!
Posting this factually reported, non-bias story makes you seem mighty anti-semitic.
Clearly we care about our children more.
Its Italian football, even the ball boys are corrupt; you can't blame him for suspecting something.
I don't see your point
DOS is one word bro, not an acronym.
new kickstarter: buy EA
He is a man therefore everything bad he does and ever did is a 100% accurate description of MRA's.
Fuckin' Democracy lovin' hippies, kill 'em all!
No man...its totally legit
goddamn male privilege!
Gee, sorry we don't all know the history of every nation on earth.
HAHA yeah women can't help with the home.
Obviously this "job creator" needs the taxes on his $22 million lowered.
ALL to be precise.
Low-tech solution: glue upside-down thumbtacks to the top of the router.
The thick layers of fat help protect against disease, common 1930's medical knowledge.
But... Money!
Then how do you explain how happy the people are in the commercials!
Yeah poor people in America have it so fuckin easy
Don't count Newt out, he is the internet candidate afterall!
It's an awesome CQC weapon if you manage to get off the 360 no scopes brah.
Oh well, as long as he fulfilled his legal obligation.
Who cares, because Toronto is a car city!
This isn't a screen shot... should be deleted.
The W is the only stat I care about
Oh, well then it's perfectly ok then.
Yeah I would never have sex with her
Ah, ex-socialists, the best socialists.
Yes, because the (R) or (D) by their name tells us everything we need to know.
Sigh, women always include themselves in photos for karma.
You could try progesterone, but the jury's still out on that one.
Clearly, some forms of bullying must be ok.
But it was about Saint Jobs!11
You totally ruined the game with these mods
Yeah creating a different youtube is *impossible*
And we beat the Dolphins in both.
Yes, but Israel is defending itself!
i-made-this-account wrote: Didn't you know, empathy for anyone means your views are wrong?
I remember 9/11 very differently than this guy....
What about your fingers?
I feel like there's a child out there somewhere named Dleveland.
**ROFL** sure thing Gomer.
Yeah, much better than he fights Pedro Rizzo and Jeff Monson in Russian than he fights Brock lesnar and Randy Couture and makes $10 million bucks a fight.
My calender shipped Monday, still waiting.
Where every single stop is a family reunion
It doesn't only work on police chases, flip your TV one to the left from police news and it'll give you the option to watch anyone.
Just remember, in WA, it's illegal to grow or possess concentrates, in CO you can grow up to 6 plants and possess up to an ounce of hash/oil.
so brave
Yeah the Lakers really lacked a scorer, you know, a superstar player.
Very few IT workers have pensions either.
Is that a plastic ball, or is there just a shit ton of oil out there?
We can.
KISS is creepy to you?
I AM DISAPPOINT
I'm wondering how many of these past few posters watched Hee Haw as kids.
the hivemind demands it
Best at having no U turns.
So what is your favorite kind of rape, gangrape or one-on-one.
Yeah and the LaFerrari does it in 6 flat, and the new 2015 Civic can run the ring TWICE in a minute and an half.
Yup - some of them are even worse.
You'd think they'd learn after 40 years stranded in some desert, huh?
My mum's called Alison :/
AAAAAAND TO GO FULL CIRCLE, FUCK THE VIKINGS.
The earliest biography of Alexander the Great was written 400 years after his death.
Let's get serson's tickerts!
aliens attacked it and the now scientists are all zombies eating each other
... That is pretty stupid dude.
CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKER!
In other news, attention whores repost the same baseless drama that other attention whores posted.
fishspoons wrote: It's because they have perfectly rational reasons for forcing women to be responsible for straight man's sexual urges, none of that sky-fairy malarkey.
There's the Grandy we know and love!
#DrinkTheKoolAid #IllustratorPenToolIconTattoo
That's what the people with the fancy words say.
How did you do?
You could cheat and bring your dog to Karen and talk to her repeatedly and get her up to a pink heart in one day :p I didn't do it, though, kind of defeated half my motivation for playing the game.
Prove it!
American Football
How about we put what would have been put into Ellerbe's contract towards the bionic Ray Lewis suit?
Fat people on store rascals who move down the middle of the aisle saying 'scuz me to the other people already situated there.
But OP only listened until she said "I hope so."
Be careful saying that, someone might get offended.
I am as liberal as they come...and I can tell you gun rights are not a liberal conservative issue other than people trying to make them that way.
IT'S DIFFERENT CUZ U HAVE PRIVILEDGE!
Are you the FBI?
Alright Alright Alright
Yeah, what an asshole, allowing Martin to try to bash his head in.
That's a healthy way to build a relationship.
Happened in May and still pissed about it?
With all due respect, I don't give a fuck about your polls, Yes man.
Since the soup is payed for they should at least be able to bring their own bowls!
Annyong!
I'm honestly not sure to be honest.
I forgot about how good nid is pre 6and also how she has unlimited mana
hahaha so funny and original
This month there's GDC and PAX East, so there's a chance we could see some gameplay then.
Sarcasm noted.
It is media day and the start of training camp, but of course not the season.
That guy only said that to feel alpha in front of his feeeeeeeeeeeeeeemale wife who is pulling all the strings in the military, of course.
He still rocks in "The shootist", and you don't.
psh it is obviously his drug problem, don't you keep up with the twitter?
These shoes are "fucking ridiculous"
Nah, I'm Universalist, you're good ;P
Sup
They get laid.
~~Boehner~~ Cantor... ~~criminal~~ treasonous Boehner's been repeatedly shafted by Cantor and extremist followers.
And given a little thing called inflation, that sounds beyond reasonable.
What does agriculture have to do with the validity of anthropogenic global warming?
True because we wont be competing in this World Cup
Shit, I've done this to myself when sober.
Because he did such a good job in Phoenix?
Trees box versus trees cylinder, *shrug* imo
soooooo clever.
He's Nigerian
As boring as the mopping part was, I preferred the whole fire fighter part of it, escaping, much more than I did just flying in, shooting some people and rappelling out.
Ya, that Obama, is a real war monger.
freezza... The free pizza left over in a conference room after someone else's meeting.
Oh I see- I take it back, that's no longer a mean thing to say
Becuase having an age group like your music is manipulation.
this is the problem with people, they never wanna do everything for me.
Just needs a little super glue
I disagree, my $300 Monster HDMI cable is *far* superior to your everyday $5 Wal-Mart cable.
Because Batshit Crazy + Batshit Crazy = twice as much Batshit Crazy.
time to call child services on you, you monster.
Wow, it would be awesome if this actually existed!
Pompous 2016
In response to the CBOAT info he spewed last week, which has always been valid.
IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT.
Being a fan of anything or anyone is a circlejerk
Well, I see the vacuum is out, so maybe OP was about to clean that up.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE FUCK OTHER PEOPLE!
Three guys walk into a bar -I don't remember the rest, but your mother's a horde.
She was in high school for a LONG TIME.
Wow, with the way graphics have advanced in the past 5 years even, ya don't say?
this doesn't sound like propaganda... not at all...
But that happened to dirty Muslim brown people.
No, everyone who plays/enjoys sports is a dumb jock.
Yeah man baneling so op they take up 2 cargo
Because this totally looks likes that and not a homemade costume that personal effort was put into
Fuck the police, telling you what you're *allowed* to see.
Sarcasm noted.
wow how terrible you said something about my sarcastic username im so hurt
Yea, now the 7 line is a joyous ride.
Now if only we could connect climate change to the thing that scares them the most, *sluts having sex outside marriage*, we'd have it solved in no time.
I guess she was asking for it
An old RTM saying: Berbudi bahasa amalan mulia.
new champ or something
Ummm... call that orphanage ahead of time... just so they can at least try to escape...
I'm not even supposed to be here today
Making Texans proud!
I told you shills to get the fuck out of my thread.
Checkmate Athiests, humans haven't been around for billions of years.
Dunno, always thought that were Italians(hint: Cuomo.)
They totally busted Colbert
Roman Republic is of best republic.
If you have to ask, you can't afford it.
Yes, criminalizing
No his age checks out for a heat fan.
Whoa, you're blowing me away with you're super intellectual responses
Yeah, businesses should have the freedom to refuse to hire black people if they don't want to.
Ladies and gentlemen, THIS is what fiscal responsibility looks like.
Let's instead down-vote garbage like this and let this awful meme die
God did not love their daughter.
That is some nice constructive criticism you have there.
As long as you pay them in small bags of rice.
That's when you make up a different name for the game every day to throw them off.
And the lactose intolerance...
Right because that worked so well for Fable 3.
Simple, that's not the same Tyre.
Another problem is proving that it is real.
especially after this game
That fucker deserved it, that dog was probably starving and was just trying to survive until this murderer showed up with his death machine.
But he's FREE!
Yay, more memes irl...
The other day I was skating, then I shanked a random cat, pissed on it's dead body, drew a pentagram in blood, pushed a kid off a boat, then spraypainted "#longboarders420blazeitfagets" on a house.
Sorry, that should read
They all allow gay sex so it doesn't matter for you guys.
OMG le 69 le le le so funy xDDDDDD
A power plant whose peak output nicely coincided with peak load, especially when things like AC units are going full-bore, sounds just completely useless.
Just raise the master volume till it's red
No other people sell fouls
Men can't be raped though, so you're wrong.
They are only 5344...
Yeah, that's why it was changed.
You know, the amazing compromise where he lets people put images in self posts that will never be seen.
Depends on the kind of kink, and the time your trying to have.
Yes, it's just that simple isn't it?
Or you are just now becoming a racist.
I'm sorry, I forgot that your username was Demotragg and that my comment was actually in response to you.
But that would mean that OP's a... Nooo... People don't lie on the internet do they?
Oh look, its that time of the year where we get to celebrate a person's death!
If the CIA says so, it must be true!
Yeah, fuck off with their ability to directly engage and interact with customers like never before!
Pun intended?
Because everything current is the worst ever.
The gift of life
Yeah but you don't have party chat
So glad that Canada and is in Afghanistan making things better.
Great content right here.
The current House is the definition of sensible, that's why they voted for CISPA.
[](/cheerilee"Possible, not not unlikely.")
Mendel certainly wasn't a thinking man.
Omg non consensual photos of women in public pls ban
I see them working so hard, and all the women in here just complaining, I have to say I agree with a wage gap.
Oh, well then it's totally not creepy at all, you sick fuck.
Yes you are right, SK is surely better.
What the Fuck are newspapers?
You and your friends sound like cool people I'd love to hang out with....
Glad to see you have faith in your brothers and sisters...
Too soon
I love how cosplay = whore.
I am guessing this was a one way street or something?
nothing better than warm, flat, Molson Ex.
Now you just need 5 blitzcranks and you can all get a kill!
By banning assault weapons amirite?
Stop embarassing yourself, you're wrong.
I don't even...
I read this in Louis' voice.
I'll do it for you.
I've been pronouncing it Mr Og-lol-blo, but Mr O Glow Blow sounds much better.
THIS IS SO FUNNY
Yeah, government run education will surely help future generations fix the government.
Yeah what I want to get is a 1928 w/ drum and a couple extra stick mags.
Always on hand gap closer with chill and a fear?
Ok, I'll take your word for it.
I'm sure Romney just sitting on all this wealth and making it grow and grow, surely created jobs and energized the economy... somehow.
6 weeks :(
Checkmate, atheist.
Damin right, so much more programming on Linux, but don't forget that Windows has all that coding.
The terrorists won.
Mmmm Sexy...
Your logic is flawless.
Bullshit, if you drove an S2K you would've mentioned it in the original post.
Well shit if it's an HBC and you know a handful of people who go there it must be ghetto.
DAE care?
I H8(x) you.
Chick-fil-A needs more cock!
Tour de Franzia
(laughs) I hate losing arguments in general.
Tore my best jeans this way, my mum also made me feel special.
So the reasonable answer to all of this is for bulgarians to start riots and burn down greek embassies.
I could imagine if the majority accept this then they will be more than wiling to accept RFID tags embedded into their ID cards/driver licenses.
Whipped Husband*
cus you aint supposed to be reading stories bout people fucking 'till your 18
Yeah that damn progressive Reagan!
Fairly certain I have more than 200 diamonds, is my game broke?
On the bright side, she now has anal prolapse too that requires colon resection to fix.
Causes mind control, obviously.
[If you help the Stormcloaks take Whiterun he has new dialog options but that's about it.]
Upvotes for ~~Anarchism~~ Mutual Aid.
Not possible, iphone is the best phone ever made..BEST I TELL YOU
I made that move as well, unfortunately I ended up with Matthews again - I'm now actively scouting the waiver wire.
Brilliant logic there.
... And it will end with a BANG!
They also control their media, eat their kids, kidnap their women, and steal their jobs.
This guy right here, is a true pal.
Yeah, but the liberal media do it too so it absolves *my* team of any blame.
Why wouldn't Doritos be okay with this?
Obviously not since Ron Paul won.
Maybe they will cancel each other out and the internet will remain how it is
Because he's a badass...
No way man, it's perfectly reasonable to beat a guy that just flew out of the window of a rolling minivan.
You would have to be some type of super psychic too see another book coming from Paul!
Yeah, sure i'm a troll because i don't understand your obsession with making every little thing seem racist...
Just means we get the limited edition cover!
Thats... terrible!
hahaha yeah it does, now I just have to break into Ezekiel 70 before I pass some of God's wrath
Well I'm glad there's people out there tackling the big issues while the res of us talk about unimportant things like guantanimo or wall street.
I don't believe in skeptics.
Yeah, I'm glad Jesus only ever helped perfect people when he was here.
You don't get to be snippy, pal... It is your team's idiotic misuse of Subban that started this whole conversation.
Financial Equality
No, *you* have a nice day, you lily-livered boy.
Guys... there is only one way this can happen... aliens are using our internet
Hahahah rape for the win!
I don't like to cheer injury, but this is good news.
But he's black, so it's okay
The_Proletari-Yacht wrote: Fuck off, celeriphobe.
You deleted your comment you are a pussy
I can go without cable and use rabbit ears to save money.
dose eyebrows
If you like the sweater cereals, there is a Cinnamon Toast Crunch "knock-off" cereal that comes in a bag and tastes like blueberry muffins... its actually *better* than Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Replace "executive" with "corporate" then it's accurate.
Stop using shampoo.
Boys don't wear dresses in New Zealand.
We have, dont worry.
They're eating each other out there!
would that be like "special elections"?
Ah great, more console hate.
All I know is there hasn't been a mass shooting since then and homicides are down as well as bungleries.
Which is disturbing, considering the part where the people predicting that Rome would fall apart were right
you cant just download and mount the iso?
WHOOOSH...
Lucky.
The word you're looking for is asshole JSR.
I made that in Spore years back.
True- but strictly speaking no country is purely socialist - or capitalist - so we are only talking about degrees right?
Enrich Uranium.
Did you find him?
I think you mean 420% percent true.
yay thanks u
Currently I'm in brickyard, by the double tree but we're looking to move to Rainbow.
Yess, another frenchie converted through caricatures!
I'm interested in trying it because I want nicer looking skin, but don't want to wear foundation all the time.
Wasn'n it reverse?
Do I get the sauce with that?
#33B5E5SWAG
What?
The GOP elephant.
See below or google "marijuana cancer"
Everything about this story screams "cult."
I like my race cars to actually race (that includes taking corners, not just a straight line), not spin into the first 4 gears and then crash.
There is a place on Rt 17 North in the Hasbrook Heights/Lodi area that isn't too bad - at least it wasn't too bad a couple of years ago when I went with my wife.
It's Wil Wheaton you're thinking of here.
ur face is like asians "usually girls are nice to talk" Something tells me this dude doesn't interact with people much.
I don't believe that he conveniently ate the ticket nor do I believe that he was actually ticketed for Jaywalking on South St.
Yeah it was religion that caused the problem here
It's pretty embarrassing that such a "good" school system is so deeply stuck in ideas that already proved themselves to be a waste of time in the late 90s.
So the war against Iran wasn't to be in August, it was syria.. hmm
he's actually a really nice guy.
Almost anything is a privilege, once government is done drilling holes into what are often called "rights".
Yea.... this guy looks like he's going to woo MJ away....
Hold the goddamn camera steady
Yea, Hayden looked like the fool in that one...
What is set up supposed to mean in this context?
isnt this the normal satirical reaponse given out in the subreddit?
You [who am I kidding, the guy you reposted this from] literally have the same laptop as me - HP DV6
But everyone knows that fact anyway, since there are more than 2 people with blue eyes.
Afraid I'm not finding any DRZ or KLX400's in my Buddy Bike Budget.
Yeah, most people know nothing about the studies and are like "Well why can't I identify as whatever just because I feel like it?"
Because then he can't complain.
This was a joke, but most people are butthurt because they think it's insulting to their favorite movies
I meant calling the cops *if* it becomes apparent they won't listen to you.
Duuuuuuuh!
Dem feels.
You can lead a horticulture, but you can't make her think.
Find happiness.
Let's hope this is his subtle way of saying he's joining the dunk contest next year.
Yeah, that's why I wrote "fake" and not fake.
Yeah, force them to separate, sounds like a good way to make them not troll you.
I'll append that to my list of karma whoring schemes.
I'd love to visit that place, seems like a fun experience.
Ugh, I love me some Azmarie...
Don't have one of those around me unfortunately thanks though!
We all know how this turns out: Tottenham win Europa with interim manager.
i hope he wins, just so that speech can go down in history.
You must know your amendments pretty well.
To me Obama has strayed way farther from what he campaigned on.
yea lol
Summer tires are better in the snow anyway
Yes, he was on the roster and will get a ring.
Oh hey, that's where I leave my shit too.
Its beyond 2AM and read kicked as licked.
Wait isn't she already Reed's beard?
;D!
The Justice Party.
Yeah slave labor is a great idea
and arring For all the pirates that shop with their wives.
Oh my God, you will go straight to hell for this one.
Kryptonite doesn't give me a boner.
Bubble tea.
That is so wrong.
Doesn't say they are less than human.
It is now penis butter.
Thanks for having an honest opinion
Win-win here
Yeah Hi Im from wellington would like FairlySuper to tell me where in wellington you plan on finding the snow for a snowman... also Im down for whatever shit goes down in wellington, NZ
He's pretty good as of right now.
We can only hope they choose to go with Zune Phone!
Because he's Brock Samson.
Unnatural Selection from Season 6.
Yeah, pretty much the same as genocide.
But...but...Obama is the chosen one who will magically fix everything and make it all better!
Bro, do you even bro?
forever_alone.jpg
It's Winnipeg just steal a tire
Mirrors edge, 568 Thanks!
Yeah, that pesky QOTSA and their weapons they're always bringing places
You have not sold me on the premise yet, so please do not dismiss it out of hand
And yet they came around to supporting the Enabling Act.
Check out Mari0 It's the same game, but you get a portal gun.
No they should fix it now before they have time to think up another scam to screw up the country!
what's a copyright?
Terrorist arrested in connection with IET (Incendiary Explosive Toaster), after posting video of trial run that destroys defunct US document
The mental image of grandma climbing the lemon tree is remarkable.
Yeah, that pesky law allowing slaves was so much better than this.
Unlike communism and socialism, which have worked literally every time it has been tried.
I know right SO CRINGE worthy!
Better get out the peanut butter.
For sure.
Don't you know that if the government isn't there to charge taxes everything will become free?
The things we call "Engines"?
Thanks, that's what I figured.
Pokies on the way out to recover losses from people who are just going to waste the money anyway
Only if he nuked a city full of democrats, if the city had a republican majority then they had it coming.
Yeah the reason I like when they work on legendaries is just that they are no better than a pokeball so it's lucky to get one to work, and I think they look cooler than other balls.
Yea but they have a gay or two running around so fuck that state.
Thanks for making me feel safe in my apartment alone tonight
I agree, atheists definitely had it worse than jews in Nazi-Germany.
Guns and booze, what could possibly go wrong?
Give her a food budget?
Too numerous to name.
why are you being downvoted?
We'd be scouting the planets, analyzing them, recording their stats/learning about the planets when BAM, aliens outta nowhere
I came here to say this.
This article sadly left out the part where, unless you use ECDHE for the key exchange, if someone manages to compromise your private key they get to decrypt every session your HTTPS server has ever had.
Treyvon did nothing at all!
But...but...isn't the Internet changing its mind?
Well you aren't a real gamer until you spend 50 grand...
Are you resisting arrest right now?
Yeah, turkish teams are inferior and naive, i wish we had a turkish team in the Emirates cup for a free win.
Come on man... clearly they weren't *close* friends... It's funny!
Jew think I care?
I identify as *saturated* fat, shitlord
Just as Big Brother is watching you
Sure, because a profit-driven corporation is going to be even more enthusiastic about sinking millions into infrastructure projects.
But manning is a hero!
Let's face facts, the average redditor couldn't get a Kardashian with the hope diamond and Ron Jeremy's cock.
But it's a Diet Coke, so it's actually healthy for you.
God, he is such a dick!
You were the only one to get the sarcasm
HE RAPED HER BY PRETENDING TO BE RICH AND DECIEVING HER!
Sarcasm/jokes tend to go over real well in text when its not clarified as such.
Only when they report *good* things about Obama!
Ambidextrous?
Dis song is usefool for a south indyan while proposing to north indyan gurl
Very awesome original shirt, nothing says I wanna get laid like a Bill Murray shirt.
Pretty sure you missed the invisible
No, you use a good weapon therefore you are a noob... I mean good players should use bad weapons.
I think that you guys have crossed a "red line".
Looks like we've got our priorities straight.
here, you dropped this:
But *I* made them.
Looked like a Maxi-pad from the thumbnail.
Does FEY stand for anything in particular?
well the only way lebron is getting traded is if he says he's not going to resign in 2014 with the heat and since the other team, houston in this case, wants lebron to sign with them, they'll make sure harden in there in 2014 if pat riley says "include harden or we don't trade lebron" and lebron says" morey, don't include harden in the trade or i won't sign with you" there is no trade, one of them has to back down, i'm assuming riley since he doesn't want to lose lebron for nothing in free agency
Oh yay an Ezio clone w00t
Thank god the world has exactly the same sense of humor as knicksfan21.
The worst is when theres friendly fire, they get pissed, and launch an RPG at you as you take off.
Because its not enough to fucking kill them
Damn you, capitalism!
No talent ass-clown.
The problem is, this is the way people justify not spending money on the ones that deserve to survive.
A well thought out and rational contribution to the discussion
Vienna is practically Detroit.
Perhaps we should put restrictions on that medication so it stays out of the hands of those who do experience those side effects.
Yeah, running a game from the early 2000's is sure gonna suck on a mac.
Well at least we know you like good music.
THERE ARE STARVING CHILDREN IN AFRICA GODDAMMIT
Uhh, that looks like weed, not LSD
Yeah that will make your mother feel better
Oh wow, a legitimate call for attention on an ironic sub-reddit.
It's black and small!
You're a fool for wanting to squander your money, not a sufferer.
Which has nothing to do with classism at all.
I know it's shallow of me, but I prefer my conspiracy front men to be less handsome.
Gohan?
I think you're the most logical, rational person I've ever met.
Well, prison rape is the funniest kind of rape.
Came here to say EXACTLY this.
Because the TSA is evil?
Probably a nice suit.
It is her own fault for wearing all that blood and semen.
NO I WANT EVERYTHING AND I WANT IT RIGHT NOW!
This is such a good rebuttal.
In other news, Interstate highway construction workers were arrested for aiding and abetting the drug trade.
NO MAN ITS ALL ELO HELL'S FAULT IM LIKE 2K PLAYER EZ BUT MY TEAM ALWAYS FEEDER NOOBLORDS
Used too?
They have soda
At least the mass shooting stereotype kept bullies off my back in school.
Promoted to customer.
Oh please, everyone knows women are walking vaginas and only care about whether or not abortions is legal/whether or not the government will pay for their birth control.
Clearly you haven't listened to Obama... It's not a tax, it's a penalty!
No, because those whores can stop fucking at any time.
Tom Brady-nothing manlier than Uggs, bidets, and faux hawks
Sounds like utopia.
...
I guess so, which explains why I've gotten exactly 4 games on release: Bad Company 2, Battlefield 3, Civilization 4, and Orange Box (I didn't play HL2 that much, just finished it, but OB was just too good of a deal to pass up).
They're called Roma because they are **Roma**nian obviously...
He ended the Liberal hegemony on winning elections.
... you're a total badass
Yeah, Waubansee's where it's at!
Who among us *hasn't* filled up empty beer bottles with gasoline, stuffed rags into them, and then talked about setting people and property on fire?
Why would a student pay their loans?
Most clever title ever!
lmao
Because The Guardian isn't known for its bullshit stories.
As far as I know you can't copy stuff from the hard drive you need the other ps3 to back up the data.
Just wanted to say, contraceptives are not used to treat, prevent, or cure any medical problem.
This actually happened to me as well, I feels ya brah
ahh man who are these unknown people
Yeah, that'll be really fortunate for the countries that are part of mitteleurope.
Clearly he's just so fully convinced of the true power of Shankara stones that he sees it as the true religion, discarding jewish religious lore as mere hokum.
Well, their marriages are fabulous, right?
Try reading the article again.
I'm going to have to stop playing now that I know all three words.
Logic is a patriarchal construct, you misogynist pig!
Yeah the US has no good tv shows at all, and every show in Japan is of equal or higher quality than this one.
what's wrong with trainspotting license plates?
So it's our fault that we gave them this power, but now that we are trying to take it back, you have a problem with that too?
[the one you use to drill through the wall on the union depository job]
I agree, his wife isn't economically viable, she ought to just be euthanized.
Kevin Mchale
Soul crushing sound.
And this is why we should have government running things.
You'd make a great venture capitalist
I have a folder of background pictures, of which this is now a part, does that count?
anybody know his name so that we can search for his criminal record?
Take this one step further: Use IAP to offer the paid version.
Sounds ok, added you.
purple swag
and make sexy "clack clack" noises when they walk and stomp around?
Did you hold the button?
Nah, I grew up in Ohio and when my first Vegas winter came the most I ever needed was an unlined denim jacket.
He figured firefox didn't wanna be seen with his old man.
That gets me in the mood to be introspective with slight depression undertones.
Probably means he was able to do math.
Senators are alright.....?
Moldy oldy.
Look at the username.
To be fair he turned Bama into a powerhouse
If they're being led by CCP Rise or CCP Fozzie, it's safe to say that you can get off your high horse because they undoubtedly know more about PvP than you do.
No, it's totally cool because Sam and Dee both have happy lives in the end.
What exactly do these posters have to do with their respective movies?
And Varane!
shut up sexist
how do you know he's a douche?
Men are more likely to be classified as sex offenders, and are more likely to be required to enter into programs to "Rehabilitate" them then women are.
Hi, palparepa.
DM;GP
Before toy guns were orange, there were incidents where the police shot and killed children who had toy guns.
Of course "having money" is not illegal, but it's taken as evidence of illegal activity.
I was more annoyed that Laurie Holden didn't know who Michonne's walkers were.
SimShitty?
That and the fact that submissions of this kind do not really belong here.
He doesnt believe in evolution, he doesnt believe in public schools(education) and doesnt want us to help old and sick people.. shrug unelectable.
You're only allowed to name your sword something that ridiculous if you are enough of a badass to back it up.
It's chronologically before OoT, so this is logically impossible.
I subscribe to the holy Bundy Rum, myself.
Looks a lot more balanced.
Excuse me, I come from New York, New York.
Which would be all the way into the forest.
Just another circlejerk.
No bull... They are actually playing in the lab with global megadeth.
Little girl?
Nice to see someone else that reads GSA.
I don't think you'll do much better than a mid-level guy like JJ Hardy or Chase Utley.
let's take some pictures, followed by reporters pulling photos off the walls.
But... my hands are almost that high without jumping.
All boobs are hot.
It's better to just look down at the poor and scoff.
Considering one of the tenets of the Bioshock series is criticizing the normal language of games ("A man acts, a slave obeys"), I think it's perfectly reasonable and a missed opportunity.
a few rarer weapons i paid to get fixed but mostly i just used common guns
This is my "prevent townies from being completely retarded."
Yes it's worth it.
request denied: not enough fam actually drake is just weak as fuck k
You eat the watermelon afterwards.
Why is gravity bound by the speed of light?
thats a nark
Just a few more cash-grabs before it is actually released...
Won't ever like you, either.
***[Citation needed]***
Let's get our boys in R&amp;D working on this.
Wow, based on that comment, you must be an asshole.
Lol, that sucks.
I don't know why you're getting hated on here, everybody must have been thinking this.
Ah, the sad times when metaphor is lost to the public.
Meanwhile the Republicans are actually doing most of the taking.
That might keep their computers amused -)
Why is it that when a man wants more sex he should just masterbate more but when a woman wants more sex she should find someone who can keep up?
Pfft... there are also witnesses saying to go-cart 'Came right at' the car.. what were they doing there anyway?
Don't let these trolls get to you, they are part of the reason many abused men don't ask for help.
Curious as to why you don't have a job?
Much, MUCH better battery life.
mortar damage increase ABOUT TIME
Oh boy, I completely forgot about him... There's no chance he would make the list though, he's so underrated
She stopped existing, didn't speak to her or see her again.
I thought all laker fans were clipper fans now...
So Al'Qaeda (who IIRC are all, or mostly Sunnis) hate America because they overthrew the Shia shah of Shia Iran...yes this makes complete sense
Good.
After they have powered down, they will no longer damage, mana drain, or knock back, but they will still impede movement until they are destroyed or time out.
For me, hell no.
Because everyone knows you can only LIFE steal from LIVING objects like wards...
That's like saying it's the ocean with the least water.
You could design your own map, a map making program is available to download with civ v. Check steam.
Do you like films about Gladiators?
You were thinking what I was thinking.
Spying on Americans and warmongering...for their own good
As long as it's not op.
For an ad that they ended up paying nothing for, this sure is getting a lot of airtime.
And, if you're a diabetic who smokes, kiss your feet goodbye at a young age, provided your heard disease doesn't kill you first.
Obviously was done several times before they got the Cavs at #1
About time he put in a little effort
I tried that at the casino once and it didn't fly.
OP, how dare you not reply within nanoseconds at 3am
They playin in Hotlanta
The fuck you on about?
But you can only watch BBC shows online if you've paid for a TV licence...
Exactly my thoughts, I tip my fedora to you good sir/madam.
I stand corrected.
Money well spent.
Mayhaps he has some sort of medical condition where she makes his dick hard, and it's just been hard for a long time and he should really see a doctor, and this is a cry for help?
so brave
Bitch, have you seen Cupid?
And see what a hell-hole, baby-eating, grandma-raping, pedophile country it became?
Anyone else notice they tried to make *listeria monocytogenes* singular?
Allen Iverson was high school AP player of the year in Basketball and Football.
Only here he would have been charged with something since there is no insane stand your ground law.
luckily i can reach the computer from the pipe where my ankles are chained :)) my husband is so kind to me!
The best part of waking up, is folgers in your butt.
Welcome to the club brother :)
But at least he thinks it's inappropriate to compare same-sex marriage to child marriages!
What gave it away?
that had NOTHING to do with it!
such as?
personally i feel there are no jokes about rape are funny.
I never had a Nintendo 64 or a gamecube, my friends sometimes talk about the consoles and i can't say anything because i never played on one.
Actually, it's against the rules of the subreddit to post other people's gamertags/names, and for good reason.
You've been friend zoned for 20 years?
The shine on his head is what does it for me.
Thunderdome!
Because blind people aren't as good or as capable as us seeing types, obviously...
Don't know why you are being downvoted.
Yeah how dare other people like this what immature idiots!
I'm a disgruntled former employee, AMA.
But it will be fact free and full of lies, how can you say no?
The Normal Equations don't real, shitlord.
Blocking content that is legal just because people don't like it is perfectly fine by you then?
better salvage amirite
It's clearly masterful negging.
Huge Lego fanatic and can't even be bothered to see on the Legoland website that it's their policy..he didn't even deserve to get in.
There's a surprise.
Because theres NO WAY this guy is fabricating/exaggerating this story.
That was the most strongly accented Korean I have ever heard
The ass is fat, she must be black.
Heterosexuality is such a fragile thing, it must be vigorously defended from all threats.
Gosh, just what my life has been missing.
The world must be one big anti-semite!
H, 2 O's, makes perfect sense.
Non-Polynomial?
Sorry, I forgot the
What is tsuritama, what is jinrui wa suitai shimashita, what is uchouten kazoku, what is mawaru penguindrum, what is shinseki yori, what is chihayafuru, what is hanasaku iroha but you're right, all current anime is super cheese and cliched
Messi to MLS!
I tip my fedora to you m'lady
At first I thought I wouldn't like him, but then he kept disrespecting my wishes and wants, and I just couldn't resist!
OH SICK MOTHERBOARD DUDE!
This decision has nothing to do with big Oil being based in Texas.
Because everyone can afford a decent gaming PC, right?
But if you reverse the sexes , then there'd be no problem, it'd be a straight up case of rape.
You are missing the point... The government shouldn't be spending money...
Ya if she is 18 definitely old enough for cataracts, i was under the illusion she was 12.
Because as long as they are killed with a baseball bat or a knive it's alright.
Yeah, they should grow up and use reddit
No homo, because God forbid the very thought of me being a homosexual should enter your thoughts!
Or, on a clear day, they could just look down and get a pretty good idea of where they are!
And they are totally tyrannical because the Americans don't have a gun.
Wow look, a racial supremacist who looks like a fuck ugly inbred, what a shock!
No way man, pro-lifers are *literally all* religious 1 percenters who get off by creating suffering and perpetuating the drug war.
Republicans will push for GoT to be banned as it is subertively promoting abortion!
You need to check your privilege
Anthony struggled against his denim bonds, backed by the Twin Lights of Truth and Reason.
What does Jos Weaton have to do with this?
Yea but at least you get to make Millions and still sit on welfare.
I'm 12 and what is this?
No, that's clearly *not* a lynched man....
This is clearly not relevant to the conversation.
I have quite some pictures of my newborn with his eyes open, but my son had a full head of hair when born, so he looks much older than he really is (3 months now), I have no "baby-baby" pictures :(
How does that make you feel?
Checkmate
This sounds like the intro to a movie.
Shellfish not seafood.
A school with mostly grumpy, untouchable teachers seems like a great environment for learning.
Joey Diaz
Sounds like a good Idea that she had.
watching a few top korean pros dominate NA amateurs all season long is going to be fun to watch...
and now he spends eternity shackled up with 72 virgins
Good thing the translation was there i wouldn't have figured it out without it
Actually it was EG trolling, did you see them all dancing around mid while GG was 2-manning baron?
Good pick, we haven't spent enough on corners lately.
Wow, how shocking!
Symbian of course, its only real competitor in the smartphone market is blackberry.
OH MY GOD IT'S A PENIS, THAT'S SO FUNNY!
If only he's been armed this wouldn't have happened!
You're in for a wild ride.
Or an Asda, I'm not picky
impossible, world pvp in swtor doesnt exist
Gosh, and the team had been so healthy up to this point.
Check your privileges, cis scum.
Anything other than a candle is a symbol of white, Judeo-Christian oppression.
Well come on, who wouldn't want Paris Hilton's autograph right?
But it says right there in the Bible that all nations should follow god, so therefore America should be made into a Christian nation, its what the founding fathers, aka Rick Santorum, would have wanted.
I thought it was a sideways 3.
Why is he oppressing the religious right to express themselves?
Oh please, that's way too much to ask for these days.
Yup, no way that had anything to do with Rondo going crazy
Admit it, it would be totally cool for you if you played the mighty New York Red Bulls!
The Penis Mightier for $400
I'm not, HOW big is it?-- don't say big enough to make your mom happy....---what's the measurement bro?
Plus you can high-five and form the Eiffel Tower.
You can also buy lotto tickets as a form of retirement planning.
I know what you did last summer.
Yeah but I heard that they like people who can program in different languages.
In Ryan's defense, he was on Fox News, and we all know what a precious and rare opportunity those few moments were for him to get the GOP message out on that network.
No, I have it from *reliable* sources that Democrats should vote on Thursday.
Oh, I like to just hold it while I run, makes the crazies stay away
This is so relevant to the election.
That sounds amazing!
I guess everyone on the planet with a cell phone is a political tracker.
They are clearly coping the iPhone 5 here with its 5th row of icons.
The police are never justified.
Yeah that 70 year old man would kick my ass.
He is being fiscally responsible..
I am assuming you mean Atlanta is "fake Georgia" because it's not all hicks and racists?
At least no one is smoking that devil-weed or there would be even more deaths.
Uh oh...looks like they're plotting something...
Yeah, reddit *hates* Glenn Greenwald
Your right, a system that is totally dependnt on where you happen to queue up, leaving you unable to do anything about it (even to the point of making it easier for the hospital to take care of other people) is totally superior to the burgoise system of allowing ones hard work have an impact on treatment.
I TOTALLY trust google with my data.
AMAZING
But society would totally collapse if we took out all of the systems designed to benefit the ruling class!
But Canada has universal health care and is awesome compared to what us idiot Americans have.
No, because that's obviously communism and if you do the terrorists win!
yep just split that xp image into 100 disks and your good to go!
Sale of weapons to Syria for Russia is a relatively minor concern compared to other geopolitical issues.
Reported for transphobia
Yes, because we're all motivationless slobs mooching off of society!
I'm sure they'll make up for it in pro football players.
TIL break is considered difficult to follow but goto is acceptable.
Now this is an idea I can get on board with.
So you're saying it is possible to talk like that *and* have a girlfriend?
Do you mind, my kids are reading this.
Well if only a push-up bra could get me an honour's degree in Communication and Gender Studies.
Things he would be able to do within his first year: * Withdraw troops from Afganistan, Pakistan, Libya, and all the countries around Iran * Veto the re-funding of the Patriot Act * Veto the re-funding of the NDAA and its Indefinite Detention clause * Passively override SOPA and PROTECT-IP by telling his judges not to enforce it * Close Guantanamo Bay * Pardon all Federal non-violent offenders currently placed in jail on drug charges Yeah, that's nothing...
umm so... you aren't going to attack us right?
I'm sure any woman with a pulse would just *hate* playing the love interest of Chris Hemsworth as he plays a God.
Yeah but saying you're soon to be the largest oil exporter in the world has more bluff and bluster to it than saying your the nation with the most solar and wind power.
So does this mean osu jumps you guys?
I think you missed the
I.. guess?
I think when you have something called the *Peace* prize, "blowing shit up in other countries" should probably be a pretty big disqualification, yeah.
Sour cream.
his muscles grow so hard that it bends his armor to the shape of his abs
This is the attitude you need, if you're offended by his confidence, you might want to check your own.
Nursing: A *very* caring profession.
Likewise.
I know just what you're thinking -- The Amazing Kreskin
That would make a great college textbook: A Handful of Events with Winter in between: A History of The Peace Garden State."
You (and I) liked him when he was the cynical Brit... not the self righteous Brit.
Reposts, I don't see why something funny that has been shown before can't be seen again, It's when people try to claim it as their own that irks me.
Evolution?
[](/raritysad)I'm not a teenager.......
Probably better if the image had more pixels than upvotes.
and methane
9gag.
And the tide has turned for the Tide as Tide rolls the ball out to Roll who gets rolled just after rolling the ball out to Tide...
He's performing a reddit suicide
Yo dawg
He'll feel how I tell him to.
Sorry, I just eye-balled it.
Yeah and thats the only reason
Hi, my name is narrenburg, and I am an asshole.
Should have added the
Off topic much, oh, and wrong, the donors names are available.
You, you are the least fascinating thing in this entire universe.
I sent you an e-mail.
GOD DAMNIT WHO IS CUTTING ONIONS IN HERE?
Ask Horton or Clifford?
It has already been reported that Sony supplied more units...
No, breastfeeding is much better for them especially in the first couple months.
It's fraud.
R u my favorite human.
I'm a Wazzu student so I am bias obviously but I really do think that Klay Thompson will grow into a player much more valuable than Monta Ellis will ever be.
What's wrong with gay friends?
Please explain.
Seconded.
So as usual it's up to the swing voters.
I definitely read this first as "I like the taste of your testicles" rather than what I'm assuming was the intended "I enjoy the cut of your jib."
Victim blaming!
Your friend is an old man without eyeballs?
If I remember correctly, it was more about recycling in the US was BS, because most of it ended up not being actually recycled and being just a waste of money and not that it wasn't good for the environment if done right.
I'd heard of Slaughterhouse 5 before, but I'd never realised it was like that...he quotes David Irving for statistics for god sake!
Absolutely - 100% agree it should have won best picture!
A few months late and two underscores short
No matter how you slice it, all the pizza's in this post look absolutely horrifyingly awful.
belleville washer?
He will go from *Bishop of Rome, Vicar of Christ, Successor of the Prince of the Apostles, Supreme Pontiff of the Universal Church, Primate of Italy, Archbishop and Metropolitan of the Roman Province, Sovereign of the State of the Vatican City, Servant of the Servants of God* to *Bishop Emeritus of Rome*, I would suppose.
That cruise control has come in handy so many times when I want to breeze through those intersections right after a nice 200 mile stretch on the interstate.
are you a cable pornographer?
With or without the hepatitis?
Audre Lorde was black...
What's wrong with voluntary euthanasia?
Religion: The Accepted Insanity
Was she your date?
I feel affection towards Jesus Christ, yes I do.
Just like when anything Curry related pops up you guys quickly scan the rest of the page hoping to not read anything about an ankle injury.
That sucks because Kim Jong-Il was the most stable and reasonable GOP candidate amirite?
Wow what a surprise!
Still terrifying to hear a Dalek singing.
The problem with supply side economics is that it has actually been implemented and fails in practice.
I apologize if this isn't the place to put this or if there is a thread ive missed where I am suppose to post for help, just thought I might give it a shot.
Now imagine that the foal was Black.
Take a break or stop playing for the day, if you get frustrated you will only do worse.
It's ok, I'm sure the internal Hasidic police force will take care of things.
Technically you could install Ubuntu PPC on it and run Plex on that, right?
Glad to see government businesses running well.
Now there is a great way to network and get to know the people in your industry.
Fast food employees are replaceable.
cool, can you help me fix my printer and get rid of all these damn pop-ups?
I'd leave lime chili shrimp flavor... :P
This is the right answer.
Sounds like a volcano named in Iceland
Too bad she's not a resounding success like Nancy Reagan and "Just Say No".
o sorry think you misunderstood, was quoting the guy you commented on.
Christ, I tried retyping my code and my Uplay account got temporarily banned.
Aren't most redditors american though?
How is less modesty "moving forward"?
Take money away from NASA and give it to people in the ghetto...MY GOD /U/COVENISTIK JUST FIXED POVERTY EVERYBODY, SOMEBODY GET THIS MAN TO WASHINGTON.
This new generation sucks - Every single generation Not really rage material, this is just normal.
Glad they kept the laugh track!
Exactly, you're not a judge.
this is going to be a very informative thread
That kid in the back is a photobomb pro...
you saw the video too?
Without consumption there is no market at all though.
In his defense, this is very true.
Well, that escalted quickly.
Well they all have democratically elected leaders who are known as beacons of freedom.
Well yeah, you don't want those peeping toms to get aroused do you?
YES, IM VERY SURE THERE IS NO SERVER BETWEEN EUW AND KOREA, THATS WHY THE TEAMS THAT COME FROM THERE ARE SO AMAZING, THEY MANAGE TO GET GOOD WITHOUT THEIR OWN SERVERS
Wait for Pokemon X/Y?
because you need to have a green card in order to play in the lcs
Women are just so darn confusing.
perhaps these guys could sell you a nice bridge in Arizona also
Cool story bro.
I don't know how dropping acid is going to make him a better driver, but okay.
Every sperm is sacred, a scientific fact.
No, personal responsibility only matters when it's poor people and healthcare.
do you buy that orange one from the legendary car website the one [michael drives when you jack the orange one and trevor jacks the blue one when trevor and michael go as cops]
Perhaps later tonight I'll google "cool rainbow space background", "bujin yamato render", "bujin midjdyahxuheuxkc render", layer the monsters on top of the rainbow thing after I create a foggy red silhouette of yamato... Yeah, that sounds like hard work.
Racist Americans gang up on the only Canadian
Haha I'm the same and I always feel so bad cause I know I'm making them late for the next appt!
*wooooosh* /Canadian
Choosing anything but C means [you will not be able to complete it 100%]
Oh Hod, the suicidal thoughts return.
It's a ransom note.
I would agree, but at the same time, im sure many people recognize that the significant amount of backwards compatibility maintained in *Windows* over the years is responsible for its downfall.
I bet that really helps out with his relationship with his biological mom.
Does anyone know what game this was in?
Nope, doesn't count, this country is a melting pot, not a damn salad bowl!
Any part from when you and Martyn played Winnie the Pooh's Home Run Derby.
I know that I, as a sub, don't seem to have any similar problems... ...ladies ;)
So if you are both drunk and want to be legally safe, you should just stand there with your junk out and get her to back up onto it.
white/male privilege is being able to **not** get shot after dancing like *that*.
I suppose I'll go back to making up stories about how I massacred 3 people after I robbed a bank.
CONE OF LIES
Payday: The Heist, Transformers: War for Cybertron, Minecraft, and Red Dead Redemption all have pretty solid co-op modes (or competitive).
Well, the guy said it: "Philosophers rock"
I forgot the
Hey man, pussy is pussy.
Du0d you should come on teh irc
ha exactly..
But socialism is the work of communists and terrorists.
Yeah, this doesn't look like a scam at all.
Better tell Smokey his cousin Sparky is dead.
The first that cam to mind: 99 Love Balloons
This is obviously an unbiased, completely accurate depiction of the situation.
Not really, but pointing it out never really helps.
Ah yes that's right, America's famous open door immigration policy.
This stuff makes me excited to teach 12th grade english one day..
Yea it was after the whole NSA thing, now the government has an easier way of keeping track
At least it's better than that shitbox Volvo
This man dislikes likes boobs, everyone downvote him!
You are just a misogynist!
because you weren't smart enough to read the rest right?
Two kids later, I agree with this concept whole-heartedly!
Wait,some of us managed to get a wife?
the kitten fucking deserved it
I'm sure he'll have his day in court
That version is only rated for 70 ton, which is about half of both the final version and the Saturn V.
because if black women do it it must be uncivilized compared to me and my brilliant memes right
The man has no respect for the rule of law!
Sounds about right, might have come from another military unit before the movie though.
I Don't Care was produced by Eminem
GOP are fascist, STOP voting for them!
But misandry don't real!
Thanks a lot, Chief Killing Joke!
This infographic is taller than him.
But it's animated!
Troll comments/ people being pissed, bro.
What is a warrant?
So you are telling us to buy our gold from the BitcoinStore...
Wut, why so cynical?
Good thing we know the context of the picture
You're right - it was the union that killed this kid.
I'm really hoping for a
Trips to the ER are not usually prefaced by a session of consumer research.
BUT ITS RAPEEEEEEEEEE
Here in the U.S.A we obey all our traffic laws because uncle sam is always watching.
Nah man, just bad RNG
Military industrial complex is best complex.
Notice the "personal"
Lord Tywin Lannister sends his regards.
Yeah, I'm sure it's safe to trust them just *one more time*
He's not that bad now that commander damage is combat only.
I'm still holding out for NBA Live
None of these issues bother me, hopefully they'll change them though so that's alright.
Impeach Obama for the NSA spying scandal and replace him with a Republican that also supports the NSA spying on us!
not sure if buying a boat for 4000 karma was worth it.
im glad the old coot is dead
Don't recall this in the movie.
How long did you wait to unleash that rant?
I like how the comment about Christina Hendricks being overweight got down voted to hell, yet the multiple comments about women looking like sticks and little boys aren't
Some of you guys are crazy...
Let's just pass a law to forbid the poor from having children.
well this did happen back in 2000, well before the founding of reddit.
You damn old timers just HAVE to go and ruin EVERYTHING, don't you?
oh sure, nothing smells better than the broccoli or cabbage farts
koi nahi.. finders keepers i guess...
But the patriarchal society *forces* me to have a baby!
Hoping some biologist or something can drop some science on this.
stay classy aggies.
If only there was an influx of federal cash that could have been used to fix and improve the country's aging infrastructure.
Should I have applied a
Only for the bluetooth which you'll practically never use?
I should go trademark the word dictionary to recursively own the entire English language!
So removing sun film does actually work...
I think people missed your
Commitment.
Yes, that seems to totally solve the problems here.
It's FOG!
By standing on that toilet he showed unmatchable dominance.
There won't be true equality before every large company is run by a woman
Needs to be immortalized in a screen shot and passed around the internet for years to come.
Yeah sure... Hamas is such a bitch it just made an air strike with drones and stuff on land that is not theirs just to fucking kill civilians who are fighting for their rights
Ofcourse, only white is normal.
I'll only watch another GSP fight if they have the Anderson cam again.
Yes, it's trivializing the oppression and fear that women have to endure every day!
WTH Soundcloud, you didn't check if your new format would break Reddit?
How noble.
Yes, every person who believes marijuana dispensaries shouldn't be raided by the Federal Government is a Romney supporter.
No one has ever heard this argument before lol.
Don't be silly, Apple Maps _sucks_ and anything made by Google is going to be _perfect_.
Yep, Newfoundlanders only eat fish sticks, what with not having any access to fresh fish and all.
The TV missile bug seems like a hard fix, the MASS could be jury-rigged by reducing the damage of each pellet by the number of pellets per shot
Unless you're tire iron raping a clown.
But dude, you play that 4 the story knot the loot
Man, I can't think of anything I'd rather do than dash between stopped cars on Mopac wearing jeans, flipflops, and no helmet!
At least you aren't Irish.
Mm oh yeah that dismissive ambivalence really gets me going...
But it's so original and it has humor both kids and adults can appreciate, which no one has ever done well before!
Yeah, you know because Republicans don't want to attack or offend the gays
what a unique comment
Or more like Ronaldo before he was fat.
I hope you didn't drive immediately afterwards!
Video games are somehow involved.
and using "that" would make so much difference to his comment
Well i'm glad we're putting so much faith as a society into surveys
The one with the PENIS!
DJ sounds like a really cool guy
I have a level 7 hat, how much xp do you get for a ubersaw taunt kill while covered in piss?
/
they have some other value?
Time for him to get married.
I know... farming in a game designed around farming, totally ruining the game...
Sure, just write 0 in Roman Numerals.
Yeah, that's why his books are doing SO badly in the market.
you're right, you might go blind, or spread aids that way
Yeah, you're sniper rifle would take you very far.
Because you're constantly shifting with a manual transmission...
You entered their intimate website without their consent, you committed "Browsing Rape"!
Yeah, all the fabulous acting was done live.
But sexism is ok when it's against men!
Watch out, i'm sure this was made by those dangerous badass of 9gag.
They/we are the most important country in the world by pretty much every measure.... I'm not being arrogant, it's just that the US is the largest in pretty much every measure that matters, for now.
You gave me an idea, 'just cleared out a space in my room for more activities, so gonna have to work on some ninja moves for sure.
Clearly, Aliens.
Yeah, people in love is definitely the most annoying thing on Facebook.
God forbid the Yankees play within the rules of MLB...
No, you have absolutely nothing left to play for and the game will never seem fun again.
And the kindness, tolerance and love of Jesus Christ is reflected in his followers yet once again.
No, can't say I have heard that one
Its only 14 years jail-term, what could possibly go wrong?
lol Canada
clever, hopefully I can continue my vomit filled homosexual adventures
Psh obvious snake front player
Here in the US that would be considered child abuse, mainly because people here don't know what "moderation" means when it comes to alcohol, and so it is generally an indicator of a idiot parent.
That's hilarious.
It would have been reposted about 50 times since then - so most likely actually.
It's amazing what a blowjob will get you!
no
or underdeveloped breasts
If you're showing it off then yes.
Or buy a ball gag for her.
He'd look even more bald if he didn't have it messed up.
Or you could buy a PC, which shits on both of those.
Perhaps his broadcast should be prosecutable as a hate crime.
stay mad
The depiction of hot women is clearly always inherently and necessarily used only for the sole purpose of diminishing and objectifying every woman in the world, you didn't hear?
Sports forum in 4chan
People are not supposed to outgrow empathy.
DICK BITE'N FAGGAT
must have seen that on Ancient Aliens.....
It brings all the gals to the yard.
No it is not or they would have eliminated them by now What is "non-partisan" is faking outrage at the TSA while at the same time continuing to increase their budget
Is it primary season *already*?
You can book for kids to have dinner with the characters if you do so far enough in advance.
They all come around eventually.
Seems the right thing to do after *dropping two atomic bombs* in their country...
Stay classy Romney family and never let the deaths of Americans oversees pass without taking full political advantage of it.
I believe that the smurf in the thumbnail actually used to rub it into his skin and then use a tanning bed while also drinking the poisonous version of colloidal silver that he made himself at home.
It's a sort of checks and balances system used so that advertising companies don't come and post a advertisement for their product and then upvote it to oblivion.
Obvious Ponzi scheme is obvious.
I was impressed by her ... attention to detail.
...where you have to leave your guns in the car, so it makes perfect sense.
The first BioShock was really dark actually.
Obviously he just wants to prevent the children from becoming dependents and learn to pull themselves up by their bootstraps so that they can buy their own Christmas Gifts.
Oh right, the war on drugs and shit...
Cause I was there with little Billy and I hugged his mom too.
Or the past five years in Columbus...
I guess you had your first taste of 'Murica.
I'm game for another Springs meetup, too.
And, technically, I'm red/green colorblind but not orange/blue colorblind.
Please try harder to get people to notice you exist
We are morally well adjusted.
Why would someone be using a blow dryer on their penis, Is this a thing ?
Yeah cool.. Just wondering which route you took.
Most relevant username yet.
I don't think he would have got him at first anyway.
Nancy Grace.
Please euthanize me
There's never any left over taste because the water only touches the grinds at the very end, and all the grains are in the kcup.
And also the fact that Maisee Williams would be filming season four, instantly giving it away.
Plus, Thomas is a crazy returner.
I really hope she doesn't use a litterbox...
Easy to sing while drunk.
I'm deleting this as this possibly violates rule III.
Maybe it's just a problem with the translation, but the name doesn't give me a ton of hope.
gay
My niece is so going to jail.
Emigration due to Fukushima probably didn't help much either.
How about developing a means to to propel ourselves better than fossil fuels, and negate this whole experiment?
So no change?
I would rather mock the stupid up front then let it ooze out by people who are "just asking questions".
Thanks
Fanta!
Could be wrong but looks a lot like the fold down seats inside of military helicopters like the Chinook.
This is a different story than the one from the picture.
Maybe sarcasm is a concept highly advanced for Indians to understand.
Teenagers are the funniest people on earth
well.. you know us Swedes, we are kinda boring =/
you monster...
It seems to me that you 2 agree with each other, now hug it out
Clearly its not.
well then I guess it's a good thing that the Fed isn't part of the government.
Tithing doesn't pay for missionaries (they pay their own way or people can contribute to the "missionary fund") and the LDS church didn't donate money for prop 8, their members did at arms length (though many were instructed by their local leaders to do so).
Gotta love the way Paulbots can never tell the difference between a pundit sharing his or her opinion and actual news reporting.
Slabs are still limited (or painstalkingly rare in case or the normal one), so multiple playthroughs will yield more powerful equiptment (I love improved scalings for +15 weapons).
Because a game that has had a failed launch and is having a second launch is sure to sell out and have upwards of 200k concurrent connections...That's the logical conclusion.
Only if you have a saddle waiting and I get first ride
Cool, thanks for the input.
Go to the roof of a high rise building and make everything *fabulous*.
3 eggs is 10-15g protein depending on size, no where near 40.
&lt;33333333333333333333333333 I'm sure you've NEVER heard that one before
Everyone knows the right way to do it is with a rock hammer.
Had Trayvon lived he would have been charged as an adult for aggravated assault.
I meant would start to.
Beautiful analogy, I'll def be using that when this conversation comes up
Because Republicans are the evil scum of the earth!
You cant charge people monthly fees for internet, you imbecicles, nobody would have internet and society would fall apart
I should subscribe to this sub.
sure, that happened.
Im up voting this because I am unable to upvote ALL the previous times this has been reposted.
[I would rather have them let you choose to change what ending you did and make you do all the missions]
How dare people not conform to the parameters of behavior you have arbitrarily decided represent them in most situations!
Because no woman would ever lie about something like this during a child custody case.
Well if it makes you feel better, 100% is 50% more than 66.6%
I don't get it
Grosssssssss
They just travel sooo well....
Guys can piss sitting down just fine.
He is asserting his dominance so well.
That's why the private investigation industry doesn't exist, to the tune of $2.7 billion in annual revenue.
Wait... Are you telling me nobody ever got their lyrics booklet from TDAG?
Wow, you are really a bright shining light of genius in this dark age.
Benevolent private companies of course, duh.
No, not sarcasm at all.
Why even bother with a profile then?
\*WarZ
That's why I don't give them money
don't worry Global Warming is a Liberal Hoax
Hahey that's funny!
Oh, but it was free to play, they can't do that.
You BITCH!
72 killed in Chicago in one weekend, the obvious answer is more gun control.
Aw, this is actually kind of cute.
What do those scientists know anyway....
My last name is Lester, and this joke never gets old.
As PHP is an archaic version of web programming.
Yeah, because the majority of American redditors still support Obama after all the shit he's done.
Thanks, I needed that to get the joke.
Yes, because willingly giving Apple a credit card and telling people your iTunes password is totally a scam.
Please let us know if you get any visitors 24 hours from now.
He sounds like a...nice guy.
You can use a computer to do unauthorized things, but there is no "unauthorized way" to use a computer.
shit my bad
We too have places in America where the grass is green and the girls are pretty.
It is the YOLO T-Shirt.
Hanging up the phone without saying "bye".
Because skins are against the very essence of Counter Strike!
Yeah, devil math.
***Deep*** into your soul.
Seems like a great idea
Can't be, it's obviously a craft from zeta reticuli.
I definitely read it in his voice.
God.
Yeah, because the other 9 top Taco Bell customers probably don't like weed or nothing.
Well duh it's obviously fake, why not just do something that makes you happy?
Fuser Wrap jams were my favorite when i was a xerox tech
Well, goddamn.
It also seems like your spelling explains your logic.
Because people in 3rd world countries don't have enough things to deal with, that even when they get 1st world things (which may have been difficult or frustrating to obtain) those could be just one more fuck you from life.
Yeah, that's what I noticed too!
and why not Albers, when area is everything that matter?
What part did you not think was possible on a bike, because I can totally do like half of that stuff.
Well stop damnit I want more apps on my phone.
Exactly, democracy at its finest!
No, Monsanto's profits are more important than the genetic integrity of anything, including you.
Man that's some top tier faggotry right there
it's that big!
How could I not upvote such a charming and polite post!
Wow, a little early with this one, eh?
No, grammer
As is watermelon and other melons.
Downvote for reasonable argument
Obviously roaches are IMBA because they beat stalkers 1 on 1.
Lebron is such a chucker based on this stat, amirite?
Perhaps he's right though, the times I've felt that my heart seemed to melt away were not feelings of love but rather the flu or something
She shouldn't've let her hair go through the natural process of growing!
Yo dawg I heard you liked a karma train!
yes because he can't do both
Surely nobody's had a game of Settlers of Catan or Munchkin last more than 45 mins, have they?
god doesn't exist lel
When were they ever not funny?
You sound like a great friend
Nope, Pharrell singing on every track.
You forgot your
I'm sorry, I didn't realize that Hess uses slave labor
He looks thrilled
Yeah, because the last thing the Republican party needs right now is a broadly likeable moderate....
Because there aren't many rich Democrats
bro take this to civcraft.
ah yes.. women, only good for one thing....
Hahaha and I though gun control were going to make them the safest city in the world
Enjoy your many job possibilities in the future.
Yeah, the CDC is probably an MRA conspiracy...
Yep, all people accused of a crime are liars.
trolled
Oh boy Nick Cage never gets unfunny.
Yea but imagine the ruckus she could cause if she could get a gathering of more dumb people.
No no no, Bush started that recession!
He really could've solved those defensive problems.
I can't believe baseball is a pro sport, I mean look they stand around a lot.
If Reddit hates it, maybe that means I hate it too...
San Francisco 69ers?
And the best way to impede the organisation of labor forces is to export arms and foment conflict, more soup for us!
Oh since Louis ck said its fine to say it then that's all I need to know.
It's nice to be able to find discussion on things you've already done, though.
I can't imagine why she didn't want to be with you any more, you sound so even tempered and well rounded.
So you ruined a leaf just for our cartoon humor sake?
Quality content right here folks
Family court favoring women is a myth guys
Kony 2012
Public transit: where rush hour = amateur hour.
Well DriveOver, our only rights are those granted to us by the Constitution and given to us by god!
Legally speaking, this was a very smart thing to post!
Cape Town, South Africa.
To be precise, OP's bitch did doggy style.
He probably also support marijuana legalization.
It's kind of like the old-school typing classes where you had to put two spaces after a period.
As does thinking they should lose weight/eat right when they have impending diabetes.
Shhh, we don't need those rules around here
Yes, you are correct; To be a grown up means that you cannot have a bicycle as a primary mode of transportation.
but...but...its a mac!
Not with the 4 more G/B duals and Birds that surely without doubt are being reprinted!
That's not misogynist at all.
yes, there's a legitimate reason for police to take your gun for months and you have to hire a lawyer costing more than the gun to get it back without ever being charged for a crime.
Sex is also cooler when it's illegal.
What's wrong with the lemon mishap?
Gay people turn straight people gay, it's not the straight people's fault.
It's sad that at this point, a zombie apocalypse would actually be a BETTER future than what we're headed to.
Even when they're not involved, Sagan still slays the Skytards.
Yea, because having a useful, online distribution platform is definitely stupid.
'Cause you're all bloody racist bogans
That almost makes me wish I were single once more -- to test out the possibility of museum dating.
Because YOLO, man.
And still no ESPN coverage
Good thing there are things in place to keep these teachers in the system.
Great choice of words
You forgot the
Borg Warner has developed a new hydraulic continuously variable cam timing system that is standard on many of Ford's new engines, including the 5.0 Coyote V8 that comes in the Mustang GT.
What a surprising headline from such an unbiased source.
no way man, the smart thing to do was cancel the preorder because they were off to a rough start 3 months before release
I thought Mojang made Skryim?
Working as intended.
Na you are not a True Christian (TM)... your one of those fake Christians that believes in socialist stuff like feeding the hungry and not dropping bombs on Muslims.
Yeah, this is clearly the worst thing that could come of EA/Bioware making this game.
yeah, I bet their production budgets are in the billions
Editors: what do they do
Maybe what's needed are some *fabulous* mods?
Yeah, that Shane Victorino character is all over the news, and he sucks!
For what reason I wonder.
My answers for 2 would be: a) yes b) 1/147 (13524 - 5005 x + 755 x^2 - 47 x^3 + x^4 )
You know, I hear she doesn't even have a novel published yet.
Sweet - More room for blueberries and megahouses.
The money has nothing to do with this.
OMG!
Well, ain't that some shit?
That's cheating though!
Should have* But yeah.
But wait guess who's back....
HE ISN'T YOUR BUDDY, GUY
website?
I was all freaked out thinking holy shit I'm poor as fuck then I remembered I was paid every week... I'm still poor but I mean, there's a bright side I guess.
ahh, okay.
Nah, I was with you.
Ahhnold would be a good choice.
Thought that was the title screen to Violated Heroine before I clicked
Nice dye/decal job, good to see some fellow Hivers out there :)
It's a pile of road signs, lights and poles.
Yeah child is not partly his responsibility at all
All of the schools that I went to back in the day went south in state testing scores...
They show up
You passive aggressive sonofabitch.
I don't know, but it made me hungry.
I agree but if they aren't making money off their own resources how is Africa going to grow its infrastructure and invest in their own people.
South-East at the moment.
I find in that case it's usually they pull up behind you when you hit the next block of traffic.
And of course after you say that it gets voted positive.. Yah, karma is annoying that way.
I think you misunderstand... I was saying I was being a "Grammar nazi" there, not calling you one.. :)
Papers, it's obviously working.
I beg to differ about that second point, but that just depends on what you're into I guess, I don't judge :)
hell ya... BC!
deep down, a part of me wants him to be a bust so badly.
To me *meme* is still what Richard Dawkins defined it as, and *internet meme* is what we usually talk about here on Reddit.
TIL There's a hill in Winnipeg.
The Portland offer came AFTER the lockout.
Can someone post a tutorial on how to do this for us non-modders?
I don't... nor would I ever.
I'm not sure whether New York City residents or New Jerseyans would be more upset.
Baseball...
I don't think it's called missionary once the asshole's involved...
Except this place is fucking expensive.
u r no phun
Not on Netflix Canada :(
Definition of irony.
His name was Robert Paulson
Point taken.
I'm honored to give this comment its first upvote.
rpgfan7
Cruisin in a Pope Mobile
It also had nothing to do with rebecca watson, so this whole thing is just a cry for attention.
University of Phoenix pride.
Alas, some people don't recognize hyperbole even if it's poking them with sub-zero poops...
All I want to know is why he included he masturbates outside peoples dorm rooms.
I'd hardly call the FDA "fine line".
Yep, glad my Subie has them front and rear from the factory.
No
Thanks for that eloquent and well reasoned rebuttal.
so this fat cracker raps about bitches and disrespects all women and then gets all upset when some guy meets up with his ho sista.
It's not "M15" and "M16", it's MI5 and MI6 - those are "i"s, not "1"s. MI stands for military intelligence...
It's obvious that you got so excited when you read his name that you didn't read the entire title.
WTF did I just watch?
He's been injured.... Man I hate how people call players shit for not starting for their team, when they've been injured the whole time.
Elon Musk...!
TIL Monopoly sucks even if you do wind it up quickly.
What's wrong with Sn(IV)?
Is Mon Mothma going to be a jedi?
It's... the schedule.
Good point on the APA 8 ball skill levels.
A little luck made the difference, you're welcome
Sequel: Having now sourced Fairtrade organic quinoa, Maurice read on Slate about the imbalance caused to the Bolivian economy by paying quinoa farmers a higher price for their product.
5 bucks says OP is straight.
Ether is better than The Takeover aswell
My Chiropractor and my Financial Adviser both agree that my back pocket is a horrible location for my wallet.
I don't think you get it, if target accepted bitcoins, why would anybody use any other form of payment?
It definitely isn't, Indiana's offense is dangerous.
Add one of those"rT" "DnT" to your flair and it will be.
IT'S NOT A TUMAH!
I think I'll just wait for the Rupture.
lighters work for this as well
Yes, very powerful, than you for your replies, most appreciated.
Yup, there is no possible way that we are related to monkeys.
LOTR?
Stable prices.
'REVERSE' RACISM IS THE WORST RACISM DO YOU SEE OBAMA TALKING TO *WHITE* GRADUATES?
what if them not having their iphone brings me happiness?
When does school start again?
I agree, a throat grab is not what I consider to be appropriate interaction.
His chauffeur
You are *literally* a traitor to your trans xisters
I've made the same mistake before ha
Yeah, they typically wouldn't update the picture unless it was a big event like THE OLYMPICS...
So is stealing cars...yep I went there..
That's the OP's point, and hackysack was regurgitating all the circlejerk answers that reddit offers every time this is posted.
It was a joke, I realize you had nothing to do with those wars, I forgot the
At least you don't have to put up for it for a couple whole WEEKS of the year to watch WF like those poor Europeans.
I would have rather them have formatted it into a slideshow.
Somebody needs to stop visiting Gizmodo...
Wow, it seems as though people have opinions!
Yes, the PSN update fixed the problems with Xbox...
Works fine for me :)
And if you'd just shut the fuck up, she'll explain everything wrong with this world and why everyone should be a feminist, shitlord!
Not in this case - look, it's holding a cross and wrapped in a flag!
Awesome friend to loan you a bike!
I'm sure the thousands of migrant workers breaking their bodies in the fields right now for barely minimum wage would wholeheartedly agree.
I thought alien early game was suicide rushes to marine starting point.
Because that data center in Utah won't be used to store anything...
I wouldn't be surprised with tessellation being more apparent in Frostbite 3.
Oh, I saw you pee.
I'll be apt and to the point: good.
nothing wrong with fapping to DD
Oh wow, I wish I thought of that before I came to AksReddit...
Of course they diem it was obviously the phone manufacturer's fault that it couldn't stand up to their precious little angel that would never do anything wrong and shits rainbows.
great advise, have some gold.
Milton's is still there -- across the street and up a block -- Holy Cow is on the SE Corner of High and Central.
Because all Christians are dumb and *deserve* ridicule!
I always get real close and inhale solder fumes as I love the smell and have yet to experience any drain bamage.
He didn't mean it...
Ah, its so clear now!
Downvote for supporting the philistines.
This is a child safety device....
I still have one yes :)
This thread is absolutely something... what's that word that means something's really, really great?
There's a filter at the bottom of the tab to switch to treasure trail emotes.
Good thing they have parking at the training camp for everyone!
It's because people didn't like it was posted in pics :S So now I am going through and making sure that people have the address :)
Not Tasker but a program called " headset button" can do this
Yeah fuck you guys for having an opinion on how to improve the show!
MST3K
complaining about women gets me hot n bothered
This is not cableporn.
Call of duty 1-10 had bridges that did also
But everywhere else is a male space!
Which was so ahead of the times, what a leader...
Ahh so good to see the liberals know what they are doing
You guys know that's bad for you and you shouldn't do it.
This definitely happened
6v4 obviously.
The difference is made up by people lying on their resumes.
Wooooow, I never would've guessed!
I'm not getting into a vehicle with *anybody* behind the wheel, even if they just had one drink, because a car is essentially a deathtrap and I won't bet my life on someone who is impaired.
He's a high-school dropout.
Thats why i take them on my boat for the implication.
hahahaha
well that's shocking...
Back to the real torture countries, justice served.
He's obviously awkward around his own father.
Definitely toxoplasmosis.
More likely to be married to women?
nike dunks started it all
Yup, looks like that law's working just fine.
I guess not.
you should be ashamed
No it's a StrawJezebel!
But...but....Uncle Joe told me AR15's were hard to shoot!
looks like such a horrible place to be,, glad i dont live there
Time to enlist, boy!
Is someone who lives in Minnesota, it's sad to see that my marriage now means nothing.
I'll be eating Turkey tonight in #solidarity with Turkey.
Being in the sun might already be enough for him
Bill Gates
le gem gold find.
Hey man this is capitalism, the best rise to the top, if the OUYA really was better than all this money wouldn't matter, guess that just means that the OUYA isn't as good!
The AU government buys each dose from the drug corps for 10x the actual cost, duh.
I wonder who will come first!
Well we all know how unsuccessful Tomb Raider games are.
No it's okay this total stranger obviously knows what's better for me financially than I do.
But it's different because atheism is right.
MAN I LOVE A GOOD PT BELT JOKE.
Yet another thing men are better at
Oh, I completely understand why they're cancelling them, I just wondered which ones are still doing it.
It was a fair deal for Weber
Man up and marry these single mothers!
what's the black rectangle at the bottom
I see piracy has really hurt their income.
Let's see, what party was that again?
Is there a way to ignore these bots?
all part of the plan
But it's Kimi, he can do no wrong!
WE LOVE YOU IN THE FAGGOTYEST WAY POSSIBLE
It's Saban's fault for signing too many players
Hey, I bet you're totally a Mormon!
I may be a little biased, but Kroy Biermann and Cliff Matthews.
If we let gays marry, who's to say humans and puppets can't marry!
Well, to be fair, they *are* in favor of tax breaks for the rich so they have some compassion.
Ron Rivera SOOO deserved it for the Bears legend spot.
Just like dinosaurs.
Because fuck you that's why.
Tell that to mongrels...
Dude, you guys need to work on your defenses.
Because splitting up the population does absolute wonders for the matchmaking!
Beijing has enough of them as it is, thing of it as humane population control.
No, because he's on Reddit and therefore lucky to be touched by any woman who's not his mom, of course.
If a woman post pictures of herself on the internet she obviously wants the peen, and there for is a slut that should be shamed because sex is only okay if the woman doesn't want it.
Rockets if not just for the Linsanity.
Downvoting you because I am a woman!
If you're talking about sex, then it might be because if you *have* done something before then you are obviously a dirty slutty whore-slag, right?
I wonder who they cloned it from
NAWALT LA LA LA NOT LISTENIIIIIIIING... ;-)
Yeah, plus nobody who plays ultimate today smokes pot!
I thought you guys would be in favour of the bill.
Shame on you for not knowing every single strange medical phenomenon!
Why are there so many potential pedophiles in the park?
The PQ got elected, the economy just collapsed and all the non francophone are packing their car as we speak.
Oh wow, you sure shot me down with your insightful insults.
Checkmate, atheists!
its voluntary, though
Thank you Half Boner.
because, god damnit, the website is an important part of the dining experience!
But mob justice is the best justice!
...der hat mich zum fressen gern...
Everywhere.
I get it now it's sooo obvious obama = hitler WOW
SO BRAVE!
Emotions is fine and great, it's pain that's girly
Well, it's not like HIV was a raging problem in the gay community at any point in time, right?
Yeah I bet Romney stops that program on day 1.
They should be getting that money any day now.
They're HUMANS?
Out of context, this comment is absolutely terrifying.
yes its rude to criticize game design
That's not a sports rifle, that's an automatic baby killer!
Why repair what never breaks?
I agree, lets also get rid of swords and magic wile we're at it.
Logo text looks vaguely goatse-ish.
Those godless communists!
It's from Trailer Park Boys.
a drug trafficker who had one semi-memorable play?
Definitely haven't heard this one before
Hard to believe he died of a heart attack.
neither will she after Saturday
And if you think this poor woman now doesn't deserve her husband life insurance money then you are a MISOGYNIST!
Fuck that being nice to people shit.
I don't see it.
If that were true, no (true) Christian would ever commit suicide.
Tuesday Night D-Squad Stripper Balph
You pay a tip on your groceries :O?
I hope you meant to add a
Women are disgusting.
to the downvoters: you missed the implied
Stupid herd immunity...
Ohh don't worry, we'll make a simple system of brokers that could consolidate the payment mechanisms of all the different carriers :)
Give it no random crits so it's balanced
Let's all feel sorry for the one undergoing the REAL injustice here, the wingman.
definitely a great idea to discount the observations of the only people who have actually been in space - I mean what do they know about what they experienced up there right?
I don't know what's worse, sopa passing or another writers strike that will leave all of our favorite shows ruined...
yes, sexist reddit...
Haha yeah I was joking I always forget the
Well if OP says so than I guess it must be right
Because some people are assholes.
never gonna give you up
This does not look in any way staged.
I'm tired of hearing about reddit.
24 episodes.. just not enough.
If you smoke cigarettes you can light one on the stove or the toaster and then use it to light your bowl.
That's what she said?
I'm looking to convert my entire trailer park over to propane.
Hickok45 I want him as a grandfather.
Learn to sarcasm.
Not sure why you're getting downvoted it's true that the Australian government and other prefer symbolism over meaningful action
Di stefano Zidane CR7 Best players in our history for sure.
It's a giveaway.
Steve McNair is the greatest quarterback of all time.
A da znas da je cudo sto smo brzi od Evropljana.
More like hyper cute to adoracute
Move to the West.
loolollolo me2
Yeah, it makes you look like you bought a shirt with a typo.
I thought it was Ivan Drago...
Cut the rhetoric and be more specific, please.
My favorite part was knowing the punchline without actually watching the video.
Those forks...
Not sure.
I may not always love you, but long as there are stars above you...
The holocaust has been "debunked" as well, doesn't mean those "truth seekers" aren't lying, fascist assholes.
If you cant see the difference then I cant help you... Your ignorance is too deep to resolve on a reddit forum...
I see what you did there
I second that.
at least we americans arent intervening in this fight.. we can just let them all die in the streets
Alternatively you could leave a bottle of water on the shelf next to the meds for a while and then explain that they now have roughly the same amount of medication.
Didn't take long to find the ignorant oversimplification.
I read it in pirate.
No prob, I was just playing this map yesterday because I got a new controller...glad to have helped
Eh, beating Florida is keeping the Mark Richt hounds under control.
IIT?
I know more than a couple poor immigrant families from when I was a kid who are now multimillionaires.
some manager is losing his job today.
They could stare him down.
Wait until they are teenagers.
Boy that James Harden trade was probably the worst in NBA history...
That is by far one of the best KBs I've seen on here.
Yeah because it would be impossible to run a show without TV....
I find it sad that people don't understand your arguments.
Commodore 64 VST plugins****
After the payment to no longer have to wear the Ducky Tie, there are 2 slaps left.
OH MAN HE KICKED A BALL FAR THATS SO AMAZING
.... turtle doves...
DAE Ron Paul?
Thank you so much, this means a lot to me and all of the other high schoolers/ kids here.
Best Harlem Shake I've seen in a while.
They're like the real people they show you after the movie that the story was based on.
All two Panthers fans downvoted you.
Obviously, he's going to grow up to be a rapist.
But Paul George deserves superstar calls!
UPVOTE FOR KNOWING THE SCORE
No but it sure was fuuuuuuun.
Ooo ooo me!
How do I post a photo?
If you have the money to go through 4 Ssd's, provided that you bought them all, then get a decent Corsair or Seasonic PSU.
Gotcha, you should be all right then.
The quantity of arms is not the limiting factor in frequency of fapping.
Yes but that energy goes right back into the wind when you run your light bulb / furnace / whatever
I HAVE NO MOTHER
I really like how this show is so popular with so much well-monied support behind it...Jeremy has like 10 million dollar budgets for 5 minute reviews.
He'd better gouge out his eyes!
So that gives him the right to be an overbearing ass?
government standards are pretty low for the post office.
Crabs and whatnot.
The only time I would actually appreciate seeing this... I wouldn't believe it of course, but I would like seeing it
Nfa items aren't firearms so as long as your not being shiesty I don't see how you could get in trouble
This is perfect.
Only cool people ride bikes and they of course have iPhones.
Well, Alonso could have EASILY tapped Petrov out in 2010 and won the title, and didn't, so no, not every driver would do that.
John Cena
Most phones support microSDXC already so I don't see why not.
thank goodness it was not 12 monkeys
Congratulations, you're stupid in 3 languages.
Makes me wonder if strangers asked him if he played the ancient roman equivalent of basketball and that sport was.
damn^DAMN^**DAMN**
You got it back in the form of "neoliberal", and besides, we didn't take it, the New Dealers did!
By people you mean oppressors?
Such a nerd lol XD #nerd #nerdygirl...
Ya, we can only make those jokes when it's America, otherwise it's somehow not original.
Yes but where is your materialist analysis?
yea 3 stud rbs .. you def should throw it in you'll never win with that &amp; gronk and 3 decent wr just make it even worse its probably impossible for you to even score points....
Ya that was real obvious.
your friend must work for dish network
Went for the first time last month and I absolutely loved it.
Career in the shitter, jobbing every week and part of nothing noteworthy
And I'm sure that Facebook is just *itching* to enforce that.
let me introduce you to a downvote.
lol
If that's the way you feel I shall not be assisting with the project, and you can find the popsicle sticks on your own!
anyones/anyone's I'm not sure on the correct usage but I'm sure everyone gets the point.
It doesn't matter how qualified the parents are as long as kids are not being indoctrinated with statist propaganda.
Of course, everyone knows psychopaths are born from violent video games.
I AM ALWAYS TOTALLY SERIOUS.
[Redacted]
Shit on the animal owner's lawn.
Is it true, [because I heard there were 3 options]
Well, Alaska isn't due to become the 49th state until 2015, so yeah.
Looks like everybody was also about to shit themselves.
his weakness is that if a 0/4 renekton fights a 4/0 top lane counterpart, he might actually lose even though i play renekton and he's balanced cause i actually suck at this game and can only do well with one broken champ
Quit it with those spoilers!
Access to Grand Theft Auto Online is free with your copy of Grand Theft Auto V yeah if you pay for gold that is
Mmm, I love it when people treat me like I'm a Pokemon or a new Porsche.
Usually those were over the budget itself though... or abortion if the Republicans held it up.
Raising the level of discourse yet again
And it STILL struggles to keep up with consoles.
Wow, that's never been suggested before!
Hope they heed that good advice.
Terrifying..
Haha I like that comment because all government is bad and unions are the only thing holding us back from a capitalist utopia!
Oh yes your right, and i'm sure if he plays well in England he could move up to playing in the MLS like the rest of the US defense.
Yeah, those european gun laws cannot be applied to the US because it's sooo big.
Yeah but that photoshop though
Wow Red Sox fans are really showing their intelligence in this thread....
But on the plus side, it makes you slower and you get tired quicker.
What the hell is a bouse?
Zionist liberal conspiracy clearly
Microsoft really knows how to treat their customers well.
Yeah just like the end of wol, zerg was obviously not op.
vagslayer lolololololol
If you need someone to tell you what your proper enchants are then, well....I dunno.
May many more banksters find this inspiring and motivating
He is a bit of a one trick pony though.
because fedoras look *classy* when you wear them with a suit
But, but, but don't you mean that they were trying to fight against all the "*uneducated black people*" who were angry because of the verdict and trying to kill all white/hispanic people?
See, I was told it's "piss off" followed by tit, wanker, scoundrel.
FALSE
Not enough budget cap space left to afford plane tickets.
They also are sold in packs of 50, just like ultra pros.
Might be a tad late :)
No no safety regulations are just a way for big gvmnt to make it hard for business.
Well, I feel safer.
With her grammar, I would have expected someone much more rational.
North America: Exhibit #1
Yeah but the ones you bought weren't *medical* rulers.
When conveying sarcasm, end the sentence with
:-| thank you germany... you are so great... the only one actually working and suffering for the rest of us.
By selling your soul and creeping on women apparently.
Ah I see, well I guess that's slightly easier than manually disabling it.
Yeah, I'm sure it will be so cute if the gun accidentally goes off and kills her.
Why don't you shut the fuck up, asshole?
BUT THEY SAID IT IN ALL CAPS SO YOU KNOW IT'S WRITE.
clearly the only one
But it was a Shepard Fairey tee so you know he's a designer!
Well thank you for adding more quality content
I agree, shallow and pedantic.
i cant wait to see her movie - breakfast at iipm's
If you have to ask, than you are probably an alcholic
F4
Yeah because that solves the problem of not being able to communicate with your team mates.
I think you need a bigger entertainment stand, gotta' fit 2 more consoles by new years.
Clearly, they should put the definition of GMO on the package too.
I'm italian, i'll never buy a fucking FIAT...
And all those dangerous pot heads, don't forget them, we need to get that scum off the streets.
what brands are you selling?
What a charming little morsel of humanity.
Dirty liberal scum
Oh, so now you wanna background check our dogs too?
What is the context here?
That's not condescending at all to the people who have played plenty of PC games and also enjoyed Halo.
I don't mind cinematic games, but Tomb Raider is not the franchise for it.
Gordon/Morgan white/black I see no reason why not...
Oh, my bad for not writing a term paper on the subject
His assertive, confident nature really shined through in that message.
Yeah James Holmes was such a cool guy.
Yeah, I hear the kink community is a sausage fest.
Helen Keller felt
Cool, thanks.
Cup half full
i'd say wait for gold prices to drop.
You're so alpha.
You retarded fucking little pricks.
As a Mexican, what is a condom?
Yeah it must nearly be as bad as seeing gays together!
Nice job of not realizing ... means the same as
Yes because only the xbox has asshats.
Complete militarization, from toddler to old people, is the only way to go for USA in order to bring back security.
It was the stiff arm of Jack Hoffman I tell 'ya.
You're forgetting that this is r/atheism, where we simply cannot d that.
Yeah but how are we supposed to get Karma from that?
*Literally* Palestinian.
How dare you not plan the birth of your child around what's convenient for someone else!
Yeah, because Auburn isn't in the news enough these days.
But you don't pass up on the Sex Cannon.
just upgrade to windows 8, youll never have aero problems again
That's why you always start with an email address and only give out a phone number when the guy is on the way to pick it up.
Calamity, ripping off Bastion instead of WoW.
Yeah, he'll fix their offensive woes in Philly...
Great article.
It could be a collectors item so download it before they run out!
because every part of America is the same...
That's why jews don't eat ham, it would be cannibalism.
:)
Oh, I guess that changes everything.
But I thought the evil collapsible/folding stocks were so you can conceal your evil black rifle to murder more babies?
Why, you narrow minded intolerant motherfucker.
Bah it's all kangaroos and shrimp anyway.
Says the guy that plasti-dipped his hood on his base WRX...... I see no bias in this post whatsoever
jup, Sim City 5 has everything I always wanted in a Sim City game....
Yea, talking about r/atheism IN r/atheism is definitely like knocking to someone else door to tell them about religion.
So deep.
Surprise!
But it flips into a 4/4 trample if I pass the turn!
Came here to say that
In related news: Author shot in the face at point blank range by right handed police man.
Woo thanks, have never heard that smoking gives you lung cancer.
The answer's 42.
What you need to remember is that when I tell you that you're a deviant, gaytheist sinner, who's going to burn forever in hell, it's in love.
Any insights on the most recent episode of Boardwalk Empire?
I can't imagine crawling through a sewer joyfully, but you hold on to your dream.
This theory is new and original.
it's cool, as long as you keep one tire on your side.
You're an idiot.
Remember, guys, feminists are for equality.
And facts.... Those pesky facts... Clearly the facts are biased as well...
Yeah, because Chavez rigging the elections or bullying his opponents is totally out of the question and completely unthinkable.
The explanation is simple: God changed his mind.
Oh, in *that* case, they *totally* need to be locked up and forced into hard labor...
Wow, how gracious and enlightened!
Of course the cops aren't mad, when department insurance rates go up the funding will be coming out of increased taxes on the community.
Ask anybody except: Christians, women, non-religous... Yeah, who wants minorities like that to have equal rights.
Because Vince Gilligan puts no Easter eggs in the show.
That is the strip that surrounds San Francisco Bay and San Pablo Bay right?
It's nice to see that delegates suddenly matter again.
Man, I hope I get this message too!
Well, she was pretty hot so... not rape!
What's a flat?
Oh it's OH SO CLEAR CUZ DEATH MAGNETIC SUCKED
Right.. a stable currency, low inflation, non politically biased committee is a horrible thing.
Thats what the man wants you to think
It's because you don't have turkeys, right?
Perhaps you should have circle the word "Shout" in red and drawn an arrow to it so people could make that connection.
Silly nanny state.
We need to make it doubly illegal to commit and facilitate real crimes.
between that and the "carnival-like atmosphere" of protesting drivers at the bus terminals they should be able to garner a lot of public support.
I'm sure the Swedish courts are hard at work prosecuting bankers in other nations that violated no crimes in their own.
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
Well that wasn't extremely biased and misleading at all...
Im glad this pops up every two weeks, otherwise I'd forget this exists.
They worked hard to enslave us, damnit, and they deserve everything they earned.
Real programmers use nano.
TIL the word "should be" can be equated with "is"
BillO's image is copyright to Faux, sacrosanct and protected...
ah...that makes everything okay.
Anybody that has a different way of thinking than me has got to go.
Black people can't be racist.
But it ends in an even number (6) Therefore it is made up.
just don't be one of those snobby Parisians in Montreal that only talks about how much better France is than Quebec...
If Romney wasn't Mormon, he'd still be unreliable.
we faithfully await the coming of ~~christ~~ half-life 3
Nice serial
In suggestion to other comments on this thread, you are now tagged on [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com) as "Officer Catmoon"
Thanks, I was debating on which homophone it was and too lazy to look it up.
:(
...white and blue.
Physical, my hard drive (80 GBs) is a little too small.
that was good
saus
Yes, and I have never heard of one professor being fired from academia for being conservative anywhere in the country.
It hurts my head how filled this place is with idiot man-children who need notes taped to their Xbox controllers reminding them to do the most simple of chores that even 12 year olds don't struggle with.
I'll think about it and maybe tell you later
As someone who traveled through Europe at ages 10-14 and fat: these are average.
I can't believe I'm the only one who got this reference, so much pseudo historical bullshit in here.
Yeah, I think there's a case to be made for having a couple of Gordon flairs, for example (rainbow warrior and current schemes are very distinct, different eras), but there's so many options that are virtually identical that I don't know why we have them.
I'm now tempted to annoy you for some reason.
Certainly, I should've mentioned that.
Read this as "a literal game of thrones" and came to correct the title.
So, if it were a video full of black people with 1 black person being a cunt and the rest calling her out you think people would be making generalizations about black people?
I hope it's that.
One guy always ruins it for everybody else.
84 women disagree!
You don't what?
The smell of burning cow is apparently near the top of it's requirements.
He was obviously reaching for their gun...
Stare at the center until your eyes cross and see.
Absolutely.
Me too.
No, they belong as a potential threat against tyranny.
I just drop that factlet whenever I can because my buddy and I in high school had a big bet on it and I totally made him look like a fool in front of our Spanish class.
It's not saying much.
Europe saw him for the truth.
those are mid-town manhattan bar prices
Politics 101 is this way, I suggest you take it
Yeah like Mariah Carey can talk about how to sing...
i have grandparents from Germany last name is Montgomery-Jones
So long and thanks for all the fish!
Eh, they were in a heli
Thrall's children are only freed if they have done the drowning christening thingy.
Also stops Borg ships!
Custome?
Welcome to the new world of temp employees where no one has responsibility for *anything*!
This is one of those loopholes where your employer says 'If you decide to work during your break, we can't control that'.
Thanks for being specific in your reply.
Upvoting for using a self post and not making some sort of rage comic out of it.
A higher price point clearly means it's superior
If an employer depends upon state-subsidized labor for its existence, then maybe it shouldn't exist.
Role playing games aren't about role playing, that's what hack-and-slash video games are for!
Only place in the world where it's advantageous to be a chronic nailbiter... There's pretty much no nail for dirt to get underneath.
Congrats, you're still the brainwashed dimwit the bearded nutters love.
PACs weren't quite as big a deal prior to the Citizens United decision.
If I remember, I'll post some thoughts on them when they finally arrive... but Tribeca and Freedom Juice are currently my "all day vaping" flavors.
Almost as big as the giant pile of cash that congress took to put that shit bill ip for a vote.
You just made me remember Lycos and that dog logo
They looked pretty nice on the classic Benz's imo.
It's the same people who say 30fps and 60fps have no real difference.
This annoying mom I am for some reason friends with on facebook said that her daughter once said this to her.
Logic fails these people.
Where is the sound
If you replace the apk from system/app it automatically does it.
The big difference between Republicans and Democrats... is that Democrats acknowledge Republicans have a right to exist, while Republicans believe that life would be so much easier if all the Democrats converted or died.
Nope, desktop.
The diamond vein I found ranged y 1 to y 16
It's not like 3 of our first team midfielders were out for a huge chuck of this season or something...
Very interested
Are hatred, racism, and bigotry feelings?
I feel an inexplicable urge to devour some McDonald's meat products.
Fucking wizards man...
Thank you :)
But he should still buy Arma 2, because that game's awesome.
Evolution isn't fucking Animorphs.
Houston's fine in the winter.
RAID10 + hotspare and then replicate the data somewhere else.
You have to play 150 games of Dota 2 before "the real stuff"
Most people don't brush their teeth *well*, even if they do brush everyday.
Also, 2 is a coincidence, 3 is a tradition.
One world I believe
Like Doublelift's dad's disappointment?
believe it or not they're pretty similar.
Exactly, and his parents never helped him, he pulled himself up from his own "bootstraps".
I would rather those who are there due to their own failings get a free ride with the blameless, than condemn both groups unilaterally.
Nice name btw :)
I have this sudden urge to *grab*.
Keep up, motherfucker.
I'm waiting for the segways to snap under their girth
just to reduce china's population stop spreading bullshit
Alien for the upteenth time, The Lone Ranger, Brave, and Pacific Rim.
Unlike the Oculus guys!
Good work gang
How so?
But theres always Steam, xbox marketplace and the playstation store..
Yeah, like the temperatures that don't indicate active fission and the complete lack of things like Xenon 131 or Iodine 131 that would indicate active fission?
I just want a symmetrical, wireless/wired hybrid, Xbox 360 controller with a good dpad that can act as a wireless USB hub.
Thanks for taking my comment seriously.
You can help yourself here pal.
You mean, not everybody has their own plane?
Yeah, because people who live in apartments don't deserve cars.
How do these compare to the hd-428?
reality has a liberal bias
redirect your anger to the people responsible for perpetuating this millennia-old lie.... *coughcoughTheCatholicChurch* ....namely, the upper hierarchy.
I think he's alluding to vanilla here.
:D
Hey, quick hire this guy he seems to know his shit!
damn, i wish i received messages like these.
Labelling strangers is fun!
But we'll never let them try to take our shit weather away from us.
Watch out everyone, we've got a bad ass over here!
Hemlock Grove is a beautiful train wreck.
I would pay to see this as a movie.
Well that was just a super duper Christian thing of him to say.
Its only metadata....
because we don't have enough.
Let me hop right on that
But... TenTen?
Yeah, b/c if they hit that field goal we'll come out on our next drive and run 7 straight run plays, then play prevent defense allowing them to march down the field uncontested.
Yes
Shocking!
Part of me thought of the 4th part of Llamas with Hats...
Anything Doctor Who...I mean it is the 50th anniversary.
It most likely will be, but it will end up a commercial for some kind of drink.
Belgium, Netherland... Same thing right?
But but... You need to PRODUCE German offspring or soon all the little Germans will be MUSLIMS !
This argument never gets old
Just because you are a foul bigot, doesn't mean I have to be.
Wouldnt a p value less than .0 possibly be within the margin of error, hence "marginally significant"?
I figured it was Red Robin.
Set it to wumbo.
Yeah, but lets make another Yak-9, thats more important.
It's nice to see politicians playing a game of chess with the health and wellfare of millions of people in their districts to push their political and religious ideologies.
This big winged chest piece I saw on suicide girls would be great on me!
Yeah but they're better known as the Church of the Latter Day Saints.
So you're saying that they don't have big problems with the algorithm they currently use for the rest of League Play?
Send it to me, he lives next door to me.
Oh, he left a long stem red rose that totally makes it romantic!
False, he didn't make fun of black guys
Excellent Rotovibe'd noise solo, although I'm glad it was replaced by the bridge in the *In Utero* version.
im still waiting on the day i have to go to the mall for my gf and get a autograph from gary coleman and on the way i can lit people on fire with my piss :O
You forgot the
Do they eat it or just blend it?
build a rofelstone
I will give up the eight core processor for a micro SD card slot and physical keyboard.
Why don't they just get a job?
Marrying before you have had time to understand the world and establish yourself is such a good idea.
Right, because all the countries where the schools are surpassing us have privatized systems.
So basically, the situation we are in RIGHT NOW.
Israel is super poor and needs the money.
Eat Pray Love.
Well good players dont have to use ADS man, everyone knows that
Yeah because it's on me to detect sarcasm in text when you don't include any signs as to it being such.
Yeah, fuck their culture.
It always angers me to see empathy treated as something wrong.
Tempting, but still waiting on an Amazon deal, since they got free release day shipping if you have Prime.
Yeah but they get paid more than you so that means they are more "productive".
Are you suggesting that 9 developers won't be 9 times faster than 1 developer?
You didn't tag it
What an insightful and probing question.
So you're saying the girls *are* in danger?
Yeah, who needs synths when you can draw the sound by hand in a sample editor, oldskool tracker style
Thanks, Obama
That's fine I didn't want gigabit internet anyway.
Yeah, the jews should *get over it* too.
guilty before proven innocent, cause that's how it works
I LOVE UR SARCASM
yesss believe this man you guys 9/11 is just a crazy conspiracy theory, the same as the reptillians!
Definitely not.
I wonder why you didn't talk about the other 2 cases, or give a link to your report card.
i dont like when he kill me with 1 and ult it make me feel bad.
But he didn't do it in Europe!
Nah this must be fake, women can't hurt men because men are stronger.
But without the tyrannical power how can we implement "fairness"?
oh right because funding a majority of females is more better then putting funding into making sure more males go to college.
Yeah man, we should even launch a preemptive strike on China, because why the fuck not?
Looks like you need the same thing.
Yes, this one time a week where the servers reset for 4 minutes is *disastrous* for them.
I once got banned for using the dummy glitch in halo 2 matchmaking, couldn't stop laughing.
That was unpredictable.
Let me guess, Metro UI!
Eh, my reaction was more "WTH" than "WTF", so obviously this doesn't belong here.
Is that a clue?
young people don't count, obviously.
GENIUS!
Now we can't even move to Somalia :(
Thank God, I had heard so little about this movie, let alone anything positive.
Sounds like filthy communism, in the only true American state!
You can't argue with that!
Really appreciate you removing my name from the bottom right corner.
Wow, such an original novelty account
Of course, because the constitution clearly grants the president the power to overturn laws
*pfft*, what are you, poor?
Sure, but other than that he's a totalitarian fascist socialist.
You need to quit apps that you no longer actively use in OS X. It does not work like iPad.
The helicopter
Because representing the atmosphere in this way is a truly excellent way to demonstrate the effect it has upon global climate.
Good thing everyone in my office LOVES scented things!
I believe the correct answer would be isopropanol.
Man americas low low rape rates really testify to that point
Well, at least we can agree on something.
Maybe someone will take action with one of those unregistered long guns
Because we all know that the main purpose of taxes is to prevent people from becoming too wealthy.
HAHAHAHA this is funny because twilight suck, AMIRITE guys?
It does sound cool.
How long until Diablo 3 goes on Steam?
It would've worked, the town would've won, you would've cried... [Almost] everyone would've been happy!
What, you mean the government knew where it was this whole time?
Watch out for your cornhole, bud.
You obviously fail to see the educational value of Hannah Montana.
Racist!
Oh, look, Team Evil Stephano.
But it speaks against the republicans, so it must be biased, because republicans never did anything wrong and blaming them for something is circlejerk!
Because LTRO makes it cheaper to issue debt?
He's also a fantastic route-runner and has great hands and can sprint faster than Wallace and Fitzgerald, right?
How are they planning on enforcing it?
Woah man, I know the red LEDs make your computer faster, but is the extra heat worth the tradeoff?
Yeah we need more youngins' posting pictures of dog shit and reposting that cat helicopter vid.
Margaret Thatcher, Boudica, Queen Elizabeth I, Queen Victoria, Joan of Arc, Cleopatra, Queen Isabella of Spain come to mind but yeah women have never started wars....
dude, you're hurting my feelings...stop that.
That's a new one!
You speak for all women?
That about sums it up.
Lol, that's really cheap!
Nah, the Mets are going to be really good soon, you just watch.
Don't lie, everyone knows men look at women for only 1 reason.
Yes, because older people make better submissions all the time.
What's that black lump 2/3rds of the way forward on the top bar?
But no, smoking doesn't affect you're ability to drive...
in v6 it has "once your obedience is complete" this calls directly to John 8:7 "If any one of you is without sin, let him be the first to throw a stone at her" yet nobody did, Paul is calling on the same here.
I have no disabilities, but where can I get a helper monkey?
Omg mod censorship
beacuase steam is the bestest way of buying anything... if food would be sold on steam, i would stop buying food from regulear shoppas.
Did you read my above post?
Yeah, but poor people deserve to be poor, because the *market* made them that way.
You forgot the
I agree.
Yeah, because fuck the Native Americans, right?
No you're not, the rideit police will find you and revoke your riding privileges, taking your scooter in the process.
didnt think I needed the
She sure was a special one.
families can't afford the GO, no problems on that front!
But it isn't possible to be racist against white people
You are a terrible person for wishing harm to be done on bad people.
Stats Canada is such a liar
That's called a micromanger that sucks at his job.
shhh, it has nothing to do with terror.
I donno... intellectual integrity?
And the mention of Gwyneth Paltrow's colon...
And your peer group up there with you; the pressure is even more so.
Ron Paul has too many outpoints.
If someone misspells the word, 'even', I imagine pie graphs are out of their league as well.
$10 says she was one of those 'i dont need anyones help' wheel chair people that take deep offense to anyone doing anything nice.
This weekend I feel the need to grab a beer and watch this race.
Did you happen to buy the house from Sam "Ace" Rothstein?
Google Tacoma Narrows, it has nothing to do with Tesla.
In my mind, you know, when I'm pretending I'm in Beta; loading maps doesn't take long at all.
Anything bad is bad, anything good is a PR campaign.
After at least three to five minutes of torrential downpour, find her with a shocked expression on her face and tell her, "Sorry babe, you're just so beautiful I had to go rub one out."
Some one needs to put those Race Changing Bastards in their place.
A dalek standing guard making sure noone messes with the new bluebox
We are all happy they have nothing more important to do.
Any chance there are pictures?
Go ahead and do Manning's while you're at it.
My parents always stressed that 90% of the time calling the cops makes a situation worse and not better.
If it takes as long to get the joke as it just took me, every time, then yes I expect so.
Tired of these scumbags and their corruption destroying this country yet?
Just hope your butt doesn't get burgled.
Still, it's new to me.
and the result was ?
why you holdin' out on us?
Hunting can be considered a family activity.
If you can tie up Comcast, Time Warner, Cablevision and Cox you pretty much have the market covered.
Miami is a safe bet
He doesn't look so good, we're gonna have to put him down
No, they can just imitate human speech really well
Okay so you're in charge of building spawn.
5 reps of any of the PT exercises is what's officially allowed.
Please tell me which episode this is, I must see it.
The Amazon drones.
My eyes betray me... Wnat is this?
step 1 to getting out of poor college student status: quit smoking.
It's a wrench
I've got wood for the TA
'elepor!
Except for the whole different country/different language bit, your comparison has its merits..
Do some research on Palestine and Israel.
OP is most definitely a faggot.
Yes, I too am a fan of returning to the middle ages when public executions were all the rage.
Check whether it actually posted, sometimes legit posts get caught in spam filters.
You can't tell the difference between a compressed and uncompressed picture anyway!
How else will the neckbeards vent their mommy issues?
Funny because I thought that was his strategy.
He says the sheriff is near!
But, but, other countries are worse!
This beats fag scouts
which is far easier to do on a desktop
Now... Now Skeeter, he ain't hurtin' no one.
Why?
Welp, time to be even more irresponsible and cavalier, then.
tangerine?
What, do you want karma?
Sounds like time to add in new voting laws, but only if they will affect groups we don't want voting!
In both games
Just wear it with confidence.
juan.
You're right - average everyman's can just open up their own grocery stores, clothing outlets, and burger chains and compete against all of the behemoth monopolies that govern our society.
Yes.
Because so far austerity worked SO DAMN WELL.
No, no, no... we need to privatize everything because corporate investment makes everything better, including historical treasures!
I'm quite certain I've seen you and your dog around Kuwait City.
Nice, she's hot!
ur so funny wow how unexpected
Could you tell your story.
I get the feeling jindal was looking in the mirror when called the republicans the 'stupid party".
Everything changed when the fire nation attacked.
He just fathomed the shit out of that.
That's because there's nothing to it, you're in for a world of hurt
So Bush didn't lie about Iraq after all.
I like how free Vegas goes to Hobbesian anarchy if you choose it.
FUUUUUUCCCCKKKK YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
At least he is consistent...
Shocking!
I don't see why this was downvoted :P
Well, the pronouns we use are based on gender, not biological sex.
You know exactly how life works.
Yeah, that sneer-smile sure gives me teh wood.
I hadn't seen this posted yet, but if you are trying to decide which game to watch, this might help.
Yes, the mob rule of decentralized politics.
In the mission where you have to [go collect the secret weapon thing in the submarine deep underwater I was freaked out, when you're just driving into nothingness.. ]
misandritarian wrote: If South Park says it's okay, it must be.
Why didn't r/vancouver visit r/vancouverwa?
Yeah because its saffron not green
I don't blame ya, it's a good song.
Coming from the guy who made pipe bombs, your claim that guns are too dangerous for society is somewhat dubious.
They are also owned by Lizard people who created the Illuminati and wish to tak over the world and make humans slaves.
Yeah this is fantastic news!
Yes, because homosexuality is as prevalent as bestiality or incest are...
That's just how it was drawn up...just throw up a duck into double coverage
Twice if you can!
errybody gotta look 4 dem
If they make a medical test that can *tell* if someone is gay, surely that's worth a nobel prize in itself
Jut put BB Guns on sat bish.
Yeah stop using a weapon that has been a part of every FPS since ever you useless fuck.
As we all know America is always just
If you want to be known as the religion of peace, then you have to behave in a peaceful manner.
Also the trailer that plays before [Meltdown]
Time to make a minecraft AFM?
Saw literally the top 1/4 inch and noped out at work.
Yeah, because it was the Palestinians who sought to take over someone's homeland and colonize it after petitioning the occupying power and even fragmenting into a terrorist campaign against pretty much everyone, going on to elect those leaders as PMs and seeking to take over even more land from the natives.
Yea, because the people there now that had nothing to do with any of this should be punished.
Give him a break, he was only thirsty!
You looked in the mirror and noticed yourself defacing a sign?
that exists?
Ginseng moisturizer
If only Paul Ryan had his chance to do the same!
Yeah, god forbid they add complex systems that make competitive play more in depth and interesting that don't affect casual players at all.
Thank God, I still wasn't sure if it was real or not!
AHHHHH
How will I wear it with my magnet wristband?
Case in point: my sister eats cereal and only cereal and has nothing going on.
or...a greater power
Gonna need a source on this, they're way too good most of the time to not be real.
Nah man I think you're the only gamer who misses Halo 3 I'm afraid :/
You're just taking it out of context, OP.
I will swat *your* twat if you don't get real with me!
Canon.
That's not what Hollywood taught me!
OMG guys you are so funny and original upvoting this post that clearly isn't meant to be getting upvotes
I hope that was
What airport?
So basically you're a redditor?
I'm sure that Apple makes that easy for developers, and that they put all the assets into one bundle because they don't know anything about file sizes.
How is that possible with such strict gun policies?
Yet another compelling argument for universal access to guns.
The republicans must understand that Obama and Clinton aren't responsible for Benghazi because Bush did some things we don't like.
Thanks for your personal statement, that was quite helpful.
So what you're saying is that the kid I babysit with a nut allergy should just play in the dirt more to rid her of this allergy?
Llamenle al 'Matute' o a Liborio... u otra vez al Conejo.
Even more so if you're in Canada.
Not if I have my gun!
Isn't that all gamers?
too bad he didn't have a gun he'd totes be alive still
B-b-but health at every size!
I'm sure this will change some minds when it comes to gay marriage.
They're just 'derp'ing, what's wrong with that?
Kurt Cobain would totally approve of this.
I wish the turkey protests were only posted in r/turkishnews...
Holy shit, he speaks the truth!
It's okay if you call Jews greedy psychopaths that rule the world because it's true
Fucking plot holes, man.
Hahaha I c wut u did thur.
I can just feel the love of Christ in your remarks.
Stop by on Saturday mornings and you can watch some of the roasting.
But Karma!
Not surprising at all
Better find some ways to blame the jews as well.
Because Jesus is a rocker?
This guy's destiny is to be one of the best C's of all time, he has to be bad at free throws
them jooluminati disinfo agent obamacare people would monitor their school with energy efficient lightbulbs made by the reptilianz
fascist car!
The quality of the video was definitely their first concern.
Bad grammar, it should have been "someone**'**s".
That isn't because of common sense but because your zinc industry lobbyists suck.
It's a well known fact that the Cold War Era was the most peaceful era of human existence
care to explain?
yes, homeless people are never in debt..
thank god the quality post made up for it, right?
Happy Birthday, Grandma.
Only put 7 rounds into the garand
i was doing drugs way before it was cool...
Yeah war sounds like a blast
So says the IDF - a trusted source for facts world-wide!
Midnight release.
Everybody knows that the time it takes to complete a project is proportional to the number of programmers assigned to it!
TIL one website wording = all Americans.
25+ :D
Are you sure these aren't just for midget/dwarf porn stars?
Suuuure, you're *phone* made you see testicles.
I'm surprised the survey doesn't crash or DC you.
You're a dick --Me (just now)
Well, to be fair she was asking for it by wearing that outfit and sleeping.
SUH-WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET!
right, who the hell thought it was a good idea to keep the weaker ones alive?
Yes because that's what is going on here.
He just said living..
Oh yea, we are really destroying this company....
Because you're devil loving sand niggers.
Way to add a constructive comment relevant to the discussion.
Fourth option: ask other poor college students if they want a cheap Xbox.
oh ok then, they must have stopped by now...
Yeah, just not *nearly* as much as he used to.
Oh bro such badass skulls so cooool.
But then I won't get my MOAB
Ya, your team is losing and the other team doesn't want to scramble.
I, too, am mortified by the notion that one day a fellow human, even one of the opposite sex, maybe, might find out that I shit.
You 47% freeloading bastard!
I forgot that the ipad was the first tablet computer.
Oh yea, she looks VERY emo...
Yeah, who the fuck wants to go across to the opposite side of the world to experience cultures they've only read about and visit mind blowing scenery they couldn't dream of while spending little enough money to enable them to keep exploring and discovering for a period of months if not years.
Isn't this supposed to be a Good Girl Gina?
Is that a JFK quote?
Because, as we all know, woman are kind of asexual anyway, right?
Naw, it's only August, that expires in 15 more months.
Oh yes, because China and the booming Latin American countries are such a bastions of free-market capitalism with no state involvement whatsoever.
Yeah, that's definitely the same thing...
External power... c'mon Harvard, step up your fucking game.
Yeah because weed is so much more important than this cause.
Yes, I'm sure changing it back is **the best way to combat confusion**.
I'm surprised that microwaves that will cook for 2 hours are sold.
Don't forget to put a space after the first forward slash though, so it reads sudo rm -rf / path/to/file This way OS X knows to delete the contents of the folder as well.
MMMmmm, That is a TASTY burrito!
Nah it's better to just let him and his family starve with no money, amirite?
Jesus is the only o line tebow will need.
yes, because when i evaluate the architectural strength of an arch, my primary concern is whether it'll tip over forward or backwards, and not the stress distribution over each component of the arch.
Hayao Miyazaki is god.
Oh, right I forgot if you lose to a bad team it automatically makes it impossible to beat a team better than that one.
We're the control group, obviously.
*I'm ignorant because it's part of God's plan that the assholes will inherit the earth*
Good thing there are no racist comments in this thread.
I bet that study was done by a liberal.
Starting with America!
Isn't Doom a Marvel villan?
No problem!
Yeah, because Ron Paul isn't going to appoint pro life judges to the supreme court.
Certainly kicked ass on the fatigue NPRM
Socialist scum.
You filthy Pc gamers seem to think you can build something better than Sony or Microsoft.
It's all the violence in video games, man!
taco bell hires the best people..
damn, you sound pretty fucked up!
Illiquid is just a euphemism for insolvent.
Ron Paul was against it because he didn't think the federal government had any constitutional right is recognizing any particular definition of marriage in the first place.
Perhaps OP did too, but with orbicularis oculi, a far less popular sphincter.
Is there a driving simulator as good as GT for PC?
people can add almost anything to a bill regardless of what the bill is about
Infected Mushroom - Vicious Delicious
My phone can be such a dick
Don't live by this you'll regret it later... I still do.
Should I visit a black doctor or a white doctor?
:-) That will catch you Eastern and maybe some Central, but a you'd likely miss people in Mountain and Pacific time zones assuming a normal 8-5 work schedule.
Gypsies?
I will probably never have the opportunity to even partake in such activity, so I don't really give a shit.
Not on Alien Blue it's not!
TIL malelifestyle is ridiculously sexist against men.
God forbid someone do something in a video game that they think is cool and fun.
Southern California
he died to forgive himself of his sins.
Shouldn't have clicked on that, I should NOT have clicked on that.
In extent maybe, a tiny, tiny amount.
Better than most "art".
No, they said they would, but once again they where too incompetent.
If she lived, it's not electrocution.
Maybe the only one
Yeah I really need to... I mostly reddit on my Nexus7 though and I always forget the few times I get on my laptop...
I'm totally going to sneak across the border... if I get caught I'll just force my way in.
They forge their shit.
Motherfucking gravity.
I'm guilty of just saying the first three numbers for those calipers, and only with 7.62 do I differentiate between them (because there are so many)
Yep I dont like the fact that the game can still end without one offense ever touching the ball.
Who needs a flashlight when you have a MagNet!
All the links on the sidebar
TIL Kids still Yo-Yo...
And everyone in the Air Force believed the statement, and the story died.
Come ~~down~~up here and say that
Mobile Infantry has made her the girl she is today.
Don't worry, the state will follow the law.
Is this what they said as they strapped on their survival gear, or after they washed up on shore?
So, tomorrow from five to seven....
OP IS ALPHA AS FUCK !
I always thought it made a lot of sense considering the emphasis that is placed on creating contemporary music within the vineyard church.
And I dare anyone to explain why he downvotes the parent.
My 2nd favorite civil engineer.
Which makes it so much better when the members of Congress make more money in a year than we'll see in our lifetime, then they take a few weeks vacation off because, you know, they work so hard.
21 days since release - will probably hit 28 by he time BO2 comes out.
They don't fit your face and should be ditched.
Amazing austrians assume all autistic americans always angrily assault a atheist african american.
son of a....
Don't want to reload AND you play a Zero, have you heard of the legendary pistol the Infinity?
Yup, my friend took her Husky out all day and he just laid in the ice all day rolling in it.
I'm not offended by the fact that you have arrived at this incorrect conclusion.
I've intentionally phrased it as a statement, and have not placed any opinion with it.
Such a great update, thank you Blizz!
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in bed-rail.
Then why did you ask?
I call bullshit.
Must've been legitimate rape then
Sorry, but by definition, there's *plenty* of humans that aren't "domesticated".
IMO spike is the easiest character to go 1v2 with
I wouldn't do that on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
I'm down if there's snacks.
The cunt smasher.
Yeah we need to thin out their ranks.
4914-4056-2659 add plz
Work on a rig or camp - make shit tons of money
I also think only people who are emotionless robots with no sense of empathy and right or wrong should get professional help...........yup.
Ahhhh the old one rule us and another rule for them again... Well he is now forever on the wrong side of history.
Man i really hope that all of this happens.
Dat edge tho
Ever feel like your penis deserves an apology for whats about to happen to it?
[](/party) Well this is my first time seeing it, so I tip my hat to you.
I'm sure that Mets fan was having lots of fun.
Rape jokes are really funny, right guys?
On average, sexuality is a lot less repressed in India than it is in the U.S.
And comes with free collar stays!
He also might already know they aren't planning on using him for Justice League and he wants people to think it's by his choice.
Well he is third at the moment.
He'll shoot you about it.
OP is a fag
Can I get a play by play here?
If you support the IAEA inspecting Israel's nukes, you might be an antisemite.
Does it matter that they were odd?
This wasn't posted at all yet...noooo
And armored and genius neggs
I clearly remember that passage where Jesus said "don't feed the hungry or heal the sick because some of them are gaming the system and are just lazy people that should get a job."
Ah Yeah, Chubby Chaser!
I've seen funny ones, but never from Dorkly.
his style reminds me of Kanu.
Yeah, the guy who came from RomneyCare was the clear vote against ObamaCare.
You're so totally there in politics, lol, dude.
Well, clearly it's because you openly telling little kids about your piercings will turn them into skinheads.
I'll enjoy my 60" screen and a couch.
xbox one will also likely have some fb/twitter integration, based on the 360
Yeah.. and if you wear a skimpy dress and get raped.. you are an idiot!
Yea, that's exactly what he is saying
I'm watching.
Its the Mavor in real life!
Keep calling yourselves "stoners," that helps.
Get OneNote and embed them both.
But "it's up to us"!
It's not quirky if only obnoxious assholes correct people on that, the correct word is douchey.
Who would want to listen to music on a music sub, yeah, NOT ME
Get out of here with your ATGATT talk!
The response from a non-black guy is the top comment to a question to just black guys...TYPICAL REDDIT
reddit automatically throws in some downvotes to balance stuff out
extra sausage /haha
yep
Seems like a huge violation of our second amendment rights!
I think you're underestimating this achievement of you think you can complete it without even finding the motivation to level...
If ticketmaster had a botnet then it would be a ddos.
Yawn, I would only play it if they had 13 million.
I'm pretty sure this just needs an
Hey man, what if those statistics results were faked?
Because the world is BLACK and WHITE and only by identifying with extremes can we truly be individuals.
Very sad, considering how Attila seems to be such a wonderful and nice leader
But... The shotgun picture!
dude, that chick is almost as hairy as i am!
But... but... if we can't download the beta client early.... then obviously this is a tremendously flawed product!
Well, you knew it needed replaced after that, didn't you?
So Brave
Yeah looks just like corn.
No you don't.
Monsanto is evil but GMOs are not..
Until now, I thought that everyone adored Dustin Brown.
You're right, we should just stand back and let them kill one another.
I spread a thin layer of peanut butter on the jelly side to sort of water proof and seal the bread from the jelly.
If you use g-mail, you ought to think about activating two-step authentication if you haven't already.
Because grinding against relatively low EXP granting enemies is really the pleasure of these games
I didn't know that muscle gained through body building wasn't "functional muscle" like it is when you strenghth train.....TIL
Or if he never says and if he says it before I do, hes totally cheesing me.
A career field that doesn't offer most workers any health benefits but encourages them engage in behavior highly detrimental to their health, fucking brilliant!
But, but, religious freedom.
Hey man, companies gotta make a profit
I love it when there's no explanation.
Because St Louis is the gateway to the west, duh.
And Obama THANKS OBAMA
Hizo el comentario a cuenta personal, no como un servidor publico.
But they are mostly brown poor people so who cares?
aaaand no where close to FL awesome
Because blocking tpb has been such a raging success, right?
Suuure, next your going to tell me Ezreal is
I bet it works sooo much better
Cops are professionally trained to drive in specialised schools... this is why they are allowed to speed without flashing lights, do illegal u-turns and text while driving.
Record it, because I seriously doubt the flankers gun is strong enough to plow through a tank to the point of destruction on one pass.
Ah yes, a true unpopular confessions.
Yea but think of that poor topless woman that you exploited
Golly, I'm so surprised that Ted Nugent is a dick.
Because that's not an arbitrary number at all
Don't forget the epic scene of a certain Greyjoy death
Yes, well, as we know, shame has definitely been an effective tool for millennia for totally stopping behavior that society considers immoral.
It was 97 in San Jose yesterday... =(
ESPN FC with breaking news as usual
YOU GO GIRRLRLLLLL!
To be fair, slavery is explicitly sanctioned and regulated by the Holy Bible.
I'm sure that guy is so pissed reading this
Don't blame me, I voted for Glenn Beck.
You most certainly have to
If life gives you straight you may be dyslexic?
because it looks so cool
Nah, he could totally play.
Not a chance, everyone with a beard is statistically a big motorcycle riding, women beating, macho jerk.
Except ya know, unless the bus has to drive to 60 different locations, or if your not in small urban environment near the equator where things like snow happen during many months of the year.
Yup, goals upon goals are overrated.
According to reddit (and digg before), Conan alone wrote every single funny episode of Simpsons.
Huskies are the new foxes, that tail is curled for a reason &lt;3
It's OK, he's an nra member.
Now that's good sportmanship.
But his/her book may run out of batteries!
He can't handle the size of the Heats center
Is there any data to back that up?
Did you forget the write-in victory at hand?
But according to the majority of Reddit, as long as it's not *real* child porn, then it's OK..... Did you make sure it wasn't *real* child porn before you reported the link and perpetrated the "witch hunt" on pedophiles?
Ha, been using both the pull and pray methods for years
Quote from the video everyone just watched HAH!
Anyone say anything about contractors?
Well at least they're showing tolerance for other religions by holding a free pork BBQ deal during Ramadan.
oh shit how did this happen my life is ruined
Now I'm just saving it for when Obama bans the guns and unleashes the army on the good christian people of America
No.
He's more like a Lord.
if only we allowed firefighters to carry weapons this would never have happened
Yeah, he needs those in case he gets mangled between to semis!
Just a little.
No you're completely wrong, it's all about getting in the guy who scored last week.
I'm surprised this insightful well thought out comment isn't getting more upvotes.
The solution to greeks problems is to abide by all the rules set forth for them by the troika.
you forgot your
Yeah the 08dem primaries were a breeze.
Thats common sense, no one has any of that.
Gee, that sure does make me feel better!
it's okay, let's all downvote this guy because he's a complete dick
Yeah, who cares about banning Lee Sin, when you are against Diamondprox as the jungler, or banning out AP carries to ban out one of the most renowned AP carries in League, lets just focus on the Support to shut down their bot lane and figure things out from there.
No Shakuras Plateau?
If only more people would color their products pink, or make Facebook statuses that require "likes," then there would surely be enough awareness and funding to find a cure.
You've never tried nitronium before?
It's a running joke throughout this subreddit :P At least it used to be, not sure anymore.
Can't wait to drop $70 on a game everyone else is going to be paying $50 for!
The spam is so very cleverly hidden.
What are your opinions on the new math Common Core standards?
Wow such a hard hitting fairly balanced report!
But where are the pictures?
If you've never won a code S, there's no way your opinion could possibly matter about the game
Yeah, all sources suck.
It's like eating "mock duck" no matter how tastey it is, it still leaves me wanting real duck
why do i like the old loading screen more than the new one?
Yes, but only in 49 of the 50 states.
Patriarchy, duh.
Yeah, because there haven't been any wars since 1945.
Anti-Racist scum.
It is almost as if the government lobbyists shaped a bill to remove the negative impacts on tech/internet so they wouldn't go against it.
you don't have tsetse flies impregnating your eyeballs right now... deal with it.
Damnit, stop having a different opinion.
so you're saying Zynga is the Thomas Edison of the mobile gaming?
Well, supposedly the heart shape is based on the shape of a woman's ass... so there ya go.
but on the bright side, new stereos for everyone!
famous people aren't normal human beings, they deserve better
Sounds like a really cool pet with a great personality.
But your metabolism won't start if you skip breakfast!
I joined a startup via a posting on craigslist.
yeah like the top comments on all of these are about the serious issues in Africa and not puns and jokes about Africans...
I knew that those magnetic bracelets were healthy.
And the true reason for our evil master plan behind exiting the Kyoto Protocol becomes evident!
Yeah the EPA is awesome at preventing that
Actually I was more dissapointed when my upgrades felt too good for certain levels, and then 20 levels laters its over... Replayability aint bad either tho.
That put back point in the fourth was just heart warming.
True, I titled it incorrectly, maybe the mods can add a title tag.
Boston being racist again.
I heard he also came up with calling Metapod "penis"
But Wilt wouldn't be as great in today's NBA.
MY DOG IS GENDERFLUID
Well I'm sorry English is not my native language
0/10 creativity 0/10 humor 0/10 realistic
BCUZ COLLUSION LOLZ I agree with you, my commish allows 1-week trades as long as they're mutually beneficial.
Similar life hack for making a stubbed toe stop hurting... Smash your hand with a hammer.
You could have too if you payed attention.
Yeah they don't really break it down any further than degree= MONIES in BC either.
Barbarian.
You don't know the extent of Santa's creepiness.
This.
To be fair OP you did def conterdicted yourslef ?.
It's expected, embrace it.
I don't even trust a weekly chronic.
What happened?
Jesus
It would be a super-athletic forward with no hair that still sucks at shooting.
Is that anything like Scotch-Korean?
To be fair, many ask to be treated like children, they want full rights but not full responsibilities.
Did I not see this yesterday?
A lot of other users didn't take it lightly
Huntsman is the overall better candidate, as he is not insane.
I'm not a SS fan so sorry if this is a stupid question, but did they get different vocalists to perform on each song, or was this a one off and they had a replacement?
Yeah, Kanye is the only rapper the older ladies I work with know.
forgot the
Doesn't answer my question...
If you can't think of a way to ask a question in any way but a condescending manner, then you have no intent to gain the knowledge you claim to seek.
Especially the North Korean sample.
Upvoting because this post is funny is different than agreeing that all people who wear sunglasses inside are douchebags.
* SN Bigfoot Barleywine * Southern Tier Pumking * SN Stout * Lazy Magnolia Southern Pecan * SN Celebration Ale * Rogue Chocolate Stout * Founder's Breakfast Stout * North Coast Old Stock Ale (2011 -- best when aged 1yr+) The list goes on and on
Didn't Newton go so far as to try and assassinate people?
Not from Harrenhal, I presume.
Yeah, that term will totally help women feel better about themselves if they're self conscious about their breasts.
What's dual sight ?
I didn't know Canadians could fight without skates
Get your ass some practice in so you're back up to standard, I know I suck after downtime, or at least I don't play as well as usual.
101 Ways to Not Ask Someone Out
Yeah, but he killed Jews an commies..
This is dumb.
Are you trolling us, OP?
Por que no los tres?
I'm going to hazard a guess here, and say you like skyrim.
Man, I think it would kill California to elect a halfway decent senator.
I don't know about you guys, but in 6th grade we did a month long unit on Greece, and for part of that talked about Sparta so, um, yeah I think I kind of am an expert.
The founding fathers were badasses.
AK47, The Answer, The Truth, Hot Sauce, are all terrific nicknames.
Cramps in the knuckles, ah man sometimes they just get so stiff.
And yet, there was enough talk about it that NPR reported maybe a month or so ago that there was a faction in the party that wanted to put up candidates against Obama.
The game would definitely be more fun if you could turn off those god-tier upgrades, although infinite ammo was hilarious on some guns (explosive pistol corpse juggling, for instance)
Shadow Priest?
Bad idea to use tax payer money to build the ski link.
Restored as in, it flies?
Are you euphoric in this moment?
unless they wake up and realize that their guy just flip flopped Romney style.
I played it today so I don't think so.
More rumors and speculation, its only because of the uber positive Titanfall news.
Question... what is wrong with asking someone to consider all the privileges they have in life?
console games
oh, well then i cant help you lol
unless you resign as part of a labor action that you would really like to take back, please, because you didn't really mean it.
You classy motherfucker.
You go to a doctor on the *chance* they can help you, not the *guarantee*.
This is one of those "stats" that is completely useless.
Too true
Except the part where Presto doesn't use NFC, and you can't tap your phone onto transit.
What the fuck is butter chicken?
I'm sure he will spend just as much time with civil liberties groups.
Tolerance requires full endorsement and support.
Yeah, that whole two years where they dominated the ratings is completely forgettable.
She says porn is fine so I dought it's physical
Because Joseph totally used the plates and these apologists have seen those characters
Alex Rodriguez by far
Dollar for Dollar: Nobody screws you over like the USD
No, but it does make a nice scapegoat!
even without the death penalty, innocent people would still suffer..
Well can't you hire more moderators to try and lower your work?
BCH?
They will be in the DLL files from what I'm seeing, however what the names are I have no clue.
If you're playing BNW, trade routes.
Another Republican Party hero who has fallen prey to GOP foot in mouth disease.
nice :)
Oh, the horror!
I grew up in a suburb of a small/medium sized city and now live in that city proper.
Not a good idea in any of the larger cities with considerable traffic (as in 5-lane freeways turning into parking lots twice a day)
No food is absolutely repulsive...I don't know how anybody can stomach the stuff...all these advertisers walk around claiming it is essential to life...that is a crazy fallacy of life...
I wish I had a girl ~~with a phone~~ who looked good I would call her
I'm not kissing someone's ass to look at 1017 all damn day.
VIVA PORTUGAL!
No way man you just eat the tabs then drink putrid water!
(Please see my edit, I saw your other question that you slid in and I don't feel that I answered it adequately in the first paragraph.)
Is she a model, or did she take the picture herself?
A group of kittens is called Reddit Front Page Material.
Fun fact: The Gaylord Entertainment Center isn't too far from that intersection.
Don't drink and drive
Nah.
band aids
Fucking upvoted.
Yeah, but having arty in your game is much less of a constant compared to having 3-6 TD's per team.
Since when were black women stereotyped as hookers?
Aw man, I was gonna use that one!
If warcraft 4 came out and became as big as sc2, would you switch?
This shit doesn't even happen in Ankh-Morpork.
But why use IPv6 when you can just quadruple NAT?
You know, it's about time that someone finally addressed the huge elephant in the room.
Ok I guess, you?
Link to study that says productivity declines as education rises?
Going out on a limb here, I'm gonna say... late-onset Parkinson's?
goat_I_am wrote: Omg he's so right that's why when you walk on a college campus you soooo cant tell who is a freshman.
My favourite support is Leona because she is one of the easiest champions to make plays with and when playing her, it genuinely feels like you're carrying your carry through the leaning phase with your sick initiations.
Yeh, cause Russia has all of those things.
Kass is stealth OP due to insane post-6 power, he's just vulnerable to 2v1 like in this game
What a price gouger...
I'm still trying to figure out these damned seashells.
Because they work harder than everyone else
You are republican, because you don't understand it.
You can do it, you just have to get the basic cable package plus the premiums, of and the rental fee for the TiVo and that only costs $150 a month ( for the first six months at which point it will double with no warning), should I sign you up now Sir?
Zoom in, it obviously is
but can he play *CM*?
An actual Steyr or an MSAR?
Penguin of Doom?
Magic Santa memory-changing powers.
that's what she.....nevermind.
Testosterone
same here, i was thinking "these are the worst stats to be using for his argument"
Yeah, I don't think humanity could fix such thing in 900 years.
I'm sure the cause was overregulation.
Ur funny, well, maybe not.
Well he was gay so it's cool right?
Where did you find a retail box?
Clearly another example of Obama's big government regulations interfering with free market job creators.
Yeah, I like my health too much to supplement GOMAD with mcdonalds
STOP RAPING PEOPLE WITH YOUR BELIEFS SHITLORD!
She has amazing teeth, you know, considering...
Yeah, I don't have any anxiety either........
Google has competitors?
They seem more effective that way after 8.6
Guess that means Marty is already in at the number 3 spot.
I originally had this in my comment, but deleted in favour of the edit-text: apologies to mua'dib, but having no choice besides destroying a thing means you don't really control it, or you would not be forced to threaten the nuclear option.
Yup, because all women, especially hot ones, are very very shallow.
Me-wow
My guess is he's a protestant who thinks Catholics are all heathens
Yeah, but since he's a Muslim, he can't talk about Jesus without attacking religion, spreading hate, Islam, and communism!
Yes rape jokes are *hilarious*
You mean there are parts of a woman other then those that I put my dick in?
hillarious
#JusticeforShaaliver
If only Ziggs had some kind of long range, high damage skill he could have used to kill him....
Wait, I thought the Democrats were the ones that were trying to pull this shit.
Don't worry, it isn't the shots at feminism that are supposed to make you feel unwelcome here, it is the massive amounts of downvotes.
Weed isn't addictive, I've been smoking weed every day since I was 15, I'm 30 now.
The Hughes Amendment: what lawmakers do in response to crime, instead of doing something useful.
I have some hillybilly friends that would disagree
but didn't you hear... in a comparison of the top 3 Canadian wireless companies against the top 2 US companies, the features of the Canadian wireless packages were lower priced in 63% of instances.
The pretentiousness is pervading in your redundancy.
Oh yes, as a gay guy, there's nothing that turns me on more than farts.
And we're supposed to believe a bunch of homophobic former communists?
Subsidized sex is a human right!
Fear of exclusion in social circles?
No, they cut off their upper body, so now it's just legs straight to head
Great idea op, lets put their faces online for the whole world to see.
Only 90's kids will get this
Yeah, it's his fault that he didn't stay up until 3AM to watch the game like a tr00 fan
CHECK YOUR ENTITLEMENT
Why not I give you administration rights to make it better?
Yeah sure, let's all be dependent on the American government to make sure to fund NASA and other space projects.
You are also a fuck tard
Wow guys look at all of this change!
hitler improved the lives of more germans than you could in 100 repeat lives, I wouldn't call him a nutjob.
If only someone told them
So brave
Oh, and do try the probiotics.
Certainly the last thing Labor wants the press gallery talking about are: * The NBN * National Disability Care * Gonkski reforms
I'd have to return her to Womenz R Us and get a refund.
It's all just a distraction from Torah!
It's times like this that we need to remember that all cultures are equal and we cannot judge them.
Bullshit, it's the difference between teaching a man to fish and giving him a fish.
You can't be racist to white people though
Yes, because the white people alive today are the same white people who raped Indians and enslaved Africans
ZOMG GENETICALLY MODIFIED FOOD THIS IS DEATH TO HUMANITY
And then light it.
That for such a useful answer to my question!
Well obviously, but poor Americans are too lazy and dependent on government handouts in order to deserve such a good healthcare system
I don't see the big deal, I got drafted by the bucks in 2k13 and he does this every game.
How would reviving Goku over and over be profitable?
Or perhaps because he was a paranoid loony and the quality of education his children were receiving from his attempts at home-schooling were below legal requirements?
But think of all the relay-men you can have!
because nothing say realistic powers like dragon ball
So in that case, should I look down the barrel to check?
It's almost like news articles are written by people who don't know anything about guns.
Yes, finding it too hard to change and rationalizing negative choices is really hard.
yeah, this billion dollar franchise is OVER.
Yes...stealing from them is definitly the best way to make them stop trying to make more money via DLC.
You're only a faggot if you're *being* fucked.
No!
Yeah, how DARE those fake families express joy and love in pictures on a picture subreddit!
But r/politics says that everything is OK becasue that nice little boy Rachel Maddow says this is just a GOP plot to make our lord and savior Barrack Obama look bad!
Yeah, fuck these guys for posting new hockey highlights on a subreddit for hockey.
Great, now we'll never know the truth about Benghazi ...
Yeah, fuck working when you can be living with your parents or on welfare!
Well obviously she wasn't getting what she wanted from the relationship!
Don't go bringing your well thought out logic into this thread.. when reddit rages, it rages united.
Well said amigo
Steve Slaton...that should help our fumbling problems.
So your saying you don't consider it a quality win for Kentucky and the SEC?
Yeah, we never recovered from the unemployment that the machinery of the 19th century caused.
So brave
You say that like I have never been wronged before.
He's talking about "legitimate" jaywalking.
I know Steve Jobs was awful on stage.
See abstinence only education is wildly successful
No, it's solidarity!
Flawless logic.
Her kids benefit by knowing that their mom is happy!
good to know that taxpayer money isn't being wasted on zero-sum tasks
It's bad because you're taking profits away from the poor health insurance companies.
no no, your rape scenario is actually hilarious because it's a man getting raped
CHANGE THE WOLD NOW *by signing this petition* .
this is assuming America rose at all.
Nice to see that Ray Liotta is getting out of his comfort zone.
Jokes on them: they are 2 years too early.
GUYS IM GOING TO PLAY SNES TODAY GIVE ME UPVOTES FOR GOOD LUCK
Thank god for the NRA.
How deep.
TIL I've been dating half my female friends without realising.
I just pray without telling them, haha.
People even give you a Grammy for it!
No, this is a totally original idea
yeah they should let everybody use it for free, it dosent cost them anything right?
his boots aren't in regs.
Is that a bad investment?
If BF3 is any indicator, they are no match for the F-35.
and by extension miscsubbin is repulsive.
It's well known that everyone on Reddit is well above average intelligence.
Yes.
clearly shopped!
hey it's not bullshit I'm from SOUTH Jersey so it's okay it's got south in the name
Yeah, because text has verbal inflexions.
If you say so.
Fabreglass?
WOW I GUESS HE'S GOOD NOW...THANKS MEL!
I know I sound like a broken record, but man I'm glad we picked Levi Brown over him in the draft.
I'll rather have ten guilty men go free than lock up one innocent man... Unless it's rape or pedo charges.
No man all that is about heritage, not hate.
Soldado, Underrated DM.
Irony is that this post is directly preceded by one about Westbrough baptist.
Well i'm sorry, but i stand by my first paragraph.
Ripped white guy: *Gym Rat* Ripped black guy: *Beast*
My level is 145, I only log on to do my dailies so it's slow.
It already is.
High five!
Flash is frame based, so depending on which frame you added your text and other stuff, that frame may not be displayed by default when you run the swf (the frames can be stopped with script, and often are to control what is displayed).
One thing is for sure, they're never getting Game of Thrones.
Yeah pretty much that too.
but neither does the current scheme.....
Only Russian reporters, Russian editor, and Russian everything up to ownership.
People never even get raises anymore.
interesting hehe
SRS is almost completely full of radfems..... You don't have to be transphobic to be a crazy radfem.
Valve does system updates EVERY thursday
Submitted by Jason_Brody...Legit.
Who?
Sparrows .... me too... :( And yes i see a lot of ugly Crows and Pigeons these days.
Well said step 2.
I had that when I worked retail but it was just a glance in whatever bag you had.
I have a sudden urge to beat the shit out of him
but they need to make themselves unique because they're *special* little snowflakes and we're just dirty sexist men.
Don't feel bad man, there are plenty of sophisticated drinks, I don't like wine either
wow.
And you're guilty until proven innocent.
It's the same in Ontario.
Ok fair enough..
Because fuck anyone else that isn't them, that's why.
Know what it is before you leak it.
That side line ref should've seen that timeout call before the interception.
Because I'm sure his parents wanted to commute to Milan to be part of their youth team...
Oh yes, I'm sorry I forgot nobody ever reads what's written.
i have the gadsden flag, and i don't plan on changing it, cause, you know, that would be "treading on me"
Such a simple riff but playing this with a friend on drums.. it just grooves.
Can someone explain what the mechanics were like for those of us that haven't played it?
Sure they will, we'll give them something for him, never use him, and then send him back.
Like Broughty Ferry and Dundee?
Well because Imperial is a STEM sausagefest.
You can buy nothing in this world with BitCoin.
Someone in an engineering physics programme would do it
He took the time to make that, you can't reject him now.
I would have been so pissed if the Cockroach died...
Big respect for him and others doing the same...
I figured someone someone was going to spot it... after posting it I noticed it too, I was hoping it'd be later rather than the first comment... :/ I even pondered cropping it out... ah well, I'll just tag you Sherlock...
a non-vtec d-series, to be precise..
Jebus... always Jebus.
It seems as though you're pumping the slot machine, and someone else comes along and pulls the lever after you've left.
censure doesn't mean firing, only that the council is unsatisfied with an action of the president (as well as 2 other people in the council).
Your welcome.
The matter of the universe evolved to sentience, we are the universe aware of it's self
that's, like.... 45 minutes, an hour away run...
Great song but this video is terrible.
Wasn't Buchwald the name of a concentration camp?
It's not, because they're women.
Best advice ever.
Who to draft first White or Jones?
I immediately regret this decision.
kyle looks.... despondent *quickly sells Foogle stock and starts a rumor that kyle is sick*
No soup for you -Conk
I don't think they can do that - it's covered under the same thing as asking if you're married/your age right?
Lasers and shit.
Working EU people will gladly watch NA matches over EU, np!
Yeah, for you.
So, how long before the Republican Party declares that Peter King is a RINO?
A whole bunch of freakin geniuses I tell you
It's fine as long as you don't cross the streams.
We all know it was because Palin looked like Tina Fey and Mitt could only see South Boston, Nantucket, La Jolla, the Caymans, Paris and Monaco from his houses.
Well isn't this the most insanely active comment thread?
so basically its like jumping into a one way, pool and just waiting to see if its hot or cold?
Yeah sure, the one thing this game needed was *more* smoke.
Yeah because no Saudi has American assets in our country...
As an amateur drummer I beg to disagree and so does Lars Ulrich.
I love sleeping with makeup too!
So don't eat it.
My thoughts exactly.
Remember, she was the one primarily leading the media witchhunts against the Duke Lacrosse team (turned out to be a false accusation) and the Smart family's handyman, Richard Ricci (turned out to not have any involvement in their daughter's kidnapping).
Why, so that he can tell her she needs to lose weight and ignore her REAL problems?
I think they meant "State Police"
Tragic, right?
What do you look for when you are deciding on whether or not to publish a book?
It's a pun
I find it fascinating how we actually teach one of the greatest scientific achievements of all times to three year olds.
added
What's in 2034?
It's finger licken' good!
Ireland.
yes, we do know that you have to log in.
Got any proof to verify this claim?
Good guy greg: Fuckin bitch Y'all got no swaq
Finally!
Who won O.o
If Muslims are entitled more rights than kuffars in Muslim countries, how is this an issue, other than the fact it involves the joos?
Check your mother's ass.
Perhaps, but on the other side, what would be the economic impact of adopting those standards?
Then puts wooden doors on his fortress.
Um, this is from a movie from the 90's, so this is *not* OC!
I've seen both written as BPD, my bad!
Damn research institutes, never know what they are talking about.
I think the part that scares me is that they're labelled..... If I can no longer identify it by sight, it's no longer a "left over"....
I'm not really sure what point you're trying to make at me, but it really feels like we're having separate conversations here.
Thread's over, you win.
There was this one game where Kobe dropped 81... I forgot who it was against though....
Ya know if this team were in Canada there would have been fans in the rafters, in the aisles, inside of the scoreboard, and actually playing instead of the players!
This is a mental health issue this isn't an issue of religious fundamentalism.
It has a gas tube that runs throught eh trigger guard, so its not really macro-less
Well, looks like I have to go buy a newer version of the iPod to get this huge gif to work.
DAE hate fonies?
It doesn't, it's your fault when you see it as self-contradicting
just a couple of rotten apples
Shocking
Nice one... reaaaaallllll smooooth.
My favorite part about this whole thing is that her car is stuck on a flooded street, so she opens up the hood thinking it's a car issue.
Yeah dude, it's so taxing on the wrist to repeatedly press Q, especially since I need my left hand free to pop the occasional cheetos puff into my mouth.
*Checks account age* Seems legit.
In Hepburn Romanization, it would be *isshou kenmei tsukuttemasu*.
Hey, I know this we just met, and this sounds kind of crazy, but I love you.
I love anything with klingons circling it!
To increase time spent, download the source code, compile it and then install it.
I'm going to start doing this as a full grown adult, but I'm not on any teams...
They're still more productive than the average citizen.
We should just give the police the ability to be judge, juror and executioner.
I don't like to count the non-jewish people killed during the holocaust either.
It's okay, there's a black person in the video, so it's not racist.
But, but...9/11!
Doesn't the public have a right to know
That's why it said Mexican leaf blowers and not just "leaf blowers".
But nothing ridiculous has ever been built in the UAE before.
Surely, you weren't thinking the same thing I was?
Like they sue Google for indexing everything... Right?
Yeah, the Raptors are doing so much better than us.
Twix is probably up to 10x better than that peanut butter shit.
TIL: fat people are hard to kidnap.
Yes, and all women should veil their faces, and wear long dresses that cover their ankles.
No, I think I'll listen to my doctor and change what he tells me to change.
He looks delicious!
Occupy Storm Hype!
Helen Keller was much too eloquent and intelligent for redditor assholes, anyway.
He's talking about your knifelike hip bone.
Well that was clear as day.
It's definitely all the Americans' fault!
You mean he won't be driven mad with passion by me stabbing him with a fork, emasculating him, or using his little friends as stress balls?
Don't you mean "African-American Brit?"
what's the difference?
You were discussing an impact on taxes that would only occur if it was a wealth tax instead of an income tax.
so United then...
Nah, nobody actually lives there, everybody just comes from hundreds of miles around to reap the glorious concentration of portals.
Lol because your comment was soooo well thought out and intelligent.
The younger the better.
Of course it's the guy's fault, *she*'s not to blame at all.
Maybe fizz can walk through them like he did with jarvan's ult.
Gortex shoes
I love how our justice system says you have to be checked for mental disorders because you decide to make money as a sex-worker.
I feel that it's important people get out their aggression on other people, rather than in videogames which promote it.
God damn, I love Townsville
Does this mean some of these are basically free?
Don't talk about religion like that!
No worries, I am just attempting to avoid a poetically named pair from being misconstrued as direct evidence for creationism.
Hence the wind farms offshore right now...
Probably a matter of national security.
Wait a minute, Jay-Z, I thought the Black Album was going to be your last album.
I too, am glad I own a Vita.
You forgot the
Oh ya, totally what he's doing......
I'M GUNNA CHECK UR ACCOUNT 4 GONEWILD POSTS LOLBAI
Preview makes me think negative unfortunately but we'll see how it goes when it comes out.
It is a performance enhancing drug and would clearly be the only reason be won.
It would make the game "too easy"
There was a Fallout 1 and 2?
I can totally see how this relates to indentured servitude.
hey as long as I can enjoy a Big GulpTM while shooting my 100 round magazine it's all good
Yeah, and black people cost extra.
Is your country Pennsylvania
Stop insulting poor karma farmers like myself!
That's going to be a very decisive factor in how good/bad Oldboy's going to turn out.
Whatever it takes to get him back
Yeah, like the Civil Rights movement!
yeah... removing pearls completely removes all skill from minecraft pvp.
It's amazing how easily oppression could be done away with if we all adhered to the norms set by our oppressors.
Yeah, because illiteracy is no big deal when you've got a STEM degree!
yeah you're right they probably don't care what people think
because you know what they need more then themselves.
Nah, it would be abused like crazy.
next your gonna try and tell me Obama doesn't control gas prices, liberals.
Airplane mode is on...There's your problem right there!
no way these billion dollar pharm industries had any influence on those results, they had nothing riding on it anyway.
I don't understand how English society can possibly continue to function with deviant 20-somethings running around having sex with 16 year olds!
Its military propaganda, and a repetitive crime drama.
Ah well, if it's always been done, it must be right.
Who would win in a wrestling match, Lemmy or God?
Absolutely not, but you know how people are, give them a game without a face they've seen before and they start crying and screaming and burning things down.
Poor women need to be helped if they do something bad, its not their fault.
Happy people are *the worst*
What's more effective in getting readers?
We need a mental health czar in every county in this country One can dream.
The World Wildlife Foundation has nothing to do with this.
Couldn't they just steer out of the way?
Bad play calling by the Pats, should have threw the ball more because pass interference is worth more than holding.
what about the part where its solo queue :/
what did he hit them with?
Sounds like a shitty idea to me.
Haha le lol XDDDD
the OWS would get farther if they were all running recon kits, just saying
that's the average since the car was last turned on
Yeah because all women are batshit crazy and illogical.
No I think this women_the_weaker_sex guy knows what you taste better than you do.
Yeah, the Spurs are going to be so bad next season like they always have been
Thanks for telling us why.
That's because Republicans didn't let him spend the money.
Burger patties with cheese in the center, wrapped in bacon, with a side of avocados.
Wow, how scary....
Needs more lens flare
He's always been nice.
About 84% of statistics are made up.
You friend is not favored by God.
cancer is practically invisible too, but it's there.
No you don't understand, it's the citizen's responsibility to behave in a courteous and professional manner, not the cops'.
Rise up white niggers of Quebec
Yeah, that's why when you see a rally leaderboard it's 1/2 filled with STI's.
Don't you mean Persian?
Your parents would be proud.
Lebron definitely doesn't pass the ball.
Obviamente esta encuesta es falsa, aun cuando la anterior no lo era.
Don't you know that a penis is deadlier than a knife?
I'm just relieved that Americans won't have to foot the bill!
Mission accomplished ;)
Uhmmm.... Melbourne Olympics, Melbourne Commonwealth Games, Australian Open, Grand Prix, Sports Venues, 8/18 AFL teams, and at this moment the best NRL team (not that that matters but thought it'd add it in) I wonder why these were omitted
Free market bro, take it or leave it!
I think your team should stop using their name because they don't properly represent me as a Canadian.
Gee, she was just visiting Barack's birthplace...
commie.
Totally not a repost
Why bother censoring the 3rd guy's name, it's already censored by language.
Yeah you should see it ohio's like the wild west, all these crazy shootouts and all.
Yeah, you're totally right.
Oh well fuckit, let's just keep the status quo then eh?
A BITCH IS A DOG DOGS BARK , BARK IZ PART OF A TREE, TREES PART OF NATURE, AND NATURES BEAUTIFUL............ SO YEA TNX FOR THE COMPLIMENT XD
I think the best part is that the statement is "verified"
yeah... well he hated you first.
But they're bad this year, so a historically bad (or good depending on what side you look at) game should be completely ignored and not seen as a sign of progress.
Thanks for pointing that out, now it's all I can see
If the NC players actually knew how to aim they wouldn't be the easiest faction to play against.
IT'S absurd that the entire gaming industry operates in this way
I understand and apologize for having the temerity to, you know, like exist and shit.
WallaceGrover wrote: Oh, that clears it up then...
I think the way it'll work is you put your ps3 disc in and the game plays from the Gaikai cloud, getting around the need for a cell processor.
He only has body guards because he's forced to
But *turning the other cheek* is the realm of philosophy, it is not religious in nature.
Tip toe'ing around religious bullshit needs a laundry list if the pansy British keeps this up.
So who's the best safety in next years draft?
That's no reason to dismiss the idea.
Definitely not Sith.
How come I never find cool shit in the woods?
was there anyone in that thing?
More expensive therefore MUST be better....
It's a masterpiece.
If he wasn't sack-fumbled to death all year and threw a few less picks down the stretch 2011 would have been a pretty good year.
Syndra is too hit and miss imo.
IdrA totally threw away that second game, huge lead and rallies a roach army into suicide for about 2 drones.
Haters gonna hate
Is it just me or does the "Undecided voters" ticker seem to be spending more time deep into the + while Romney speaks than when Obama speaks?
But I want to get a closer shot of this magnificent creature!
Life is about yourself if you want to succeed.
Yep, still no hardware...
What I don't get is why they exiled him rather than kill him right there.
no, they're all shit
Because no one gives a fuck about neck beards in fedoras
But how do you know that OP and this guy aren't both liars ?
Translation: Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna fine me!
Finding women to date... Doesn't that explain a large portion of male feminists?
To be fair it's not unusual for someone to take a mini step in the opposite direction to push off to the direction they want to go.
and also elder scolls online, to name another
Really not that weird given the time period and what was social norms back then.
wot
certainly looked like a city out in that country hike &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
Bankruptcy?
You know, when I got to her Quidditch match commentary in Half-assed Plot, I kind of got the strangest boner I've ever had.
Oh right how could I forget the great Bebinho
Bedlam and Raka-Tu
Can always buy it from those random caravan traders that wander the wastes as well...
What hump?
If you work for a company that considers time per feature the only criteria in terms of measuring, then you need to leave the company and find a better place to work.
Read the next paragraph.
Stew.
You are the avenging angel of all put upon employees.
Not really, but someone sugested this yesterday after a picture where his pupils almost went outside his irises.
Looks like earth farting.
I was trying to make a joke!
Like the joke about what happens when you play country music backwards ... Your GF returns, the rain stops, your dog comes home, you catch the train on time, your daddy wasn't really dead and comes out of his coma etc.
die
That kid has to pee.
Omelet du fromage?
You must be so gay for Bob Saget it hurts.
and she, distribution of CP
Sounds like a troll post to me.
I'm inclined to blame Tom Condon more then anyone.
No-one but the mods would be able to post ;)
pfft he probably ebayed them the next day claiming new :P
We're all of African origin if you're talking about a more ancient timescale.
One mans bug is another mans feature.
We know, beyond a doubt, that Jeff Bagwell regularly spoke to and interacted with people that definitely took steroids, so it's only safe to assume he was the juice as well.
Short, sweet, to the point, and most of all, accurate.
It is.
they are awesome.
I would end my McDonalds boycott for the blueberry cream-cheese pies.
And did he walk up behind her, put his hands on her shoulders, and say in an amused voice "stop being a brat"?
What kind of car is that?
You can never spend too much money at Home Slice!
Goddamn long horse
NL O8 is just a shit show.
Or as we do it in our own sub, 12 hours before any game.
The mass dancing that goes on in Home..
There is a difference between a lack of color consistency and total disregard for the color pie, which had been established at the time.
That'd be a great experience for my brain, and torture for my wallet.
That's terrible, don't bully Hitler!
Only thing I disagree with is probably leaving the two Johnson's off.. that being said I'm not sure who you'd knock off for either.. but Jack Johnson should be on if anything for his physicality.
Do you know about the ring trick?
He doesn't need to be eating hot peppers for you to see him cry.
inb4 dick pics
Drunk is a pretty good excuse, but if he were rich, he'd be all set.
We don't judge sexual orientation here on reddit.
Looks like a good reason not to vote for any Republican.
Get out you racist EDL Islamophobe!
Sound freaking tasty...
With a huge blood diamond in the middle.
PM me and I can change that
I'm thinking it's probable at this point.
I know that sight well
I think I wanted to call a guy a douchenozzle and you have to sign in to comment.
Nah, he's definitely has HALO wings, is a Pathfinder AND has a combat jump under his belt!
So, have we heard anything new about this sexy optimization?
Can't corner the Dorner.
If you don't immediately buy a plane ticket and fly back to the UK because he commanded it, you're a racist!
You clearly implied it.
You're a terrible person.
Do you really think I'm going to get my DD rail wet?
So much so you won't make the playoffs!
Maybe his monstrous 1 in 10 record in the CL.
Manning is probably not number one in QBR since he doesn't need to be clutch
Was that sarcasm, or are you not American?
I can't see it, It's still loading...
Which is why Bachmann did the dance of joy!
Link to Nexus mod page?
If she would have been captured today as a POW she might have been sent to Guantanamo or one of those secrets sites and tortured by the Americans and their lackeys.
DON'T GO THERE!
You can own the same weapons as the military.
Ray King would like to have a word
I would if I could, then we would have beautiful cricket babies :')
Some guys on OKC are just so romantic!
Thanks Obama!
I concede the point
Shouldn't we be blaming Congress?
Not following "an eye for an eye" will leave a bunch of blind victims, surrounded by hordes of able-bodied, sighted predators.
Yes because printing money can't affect the value of it
I don't know what you're talking about, that's what I wrote.
This isn't putting me off this weekend's visit at all.
And now I love the Pacers, Coming from a Knicks fans.
okay, but if you're wrong, we're gonna pose you in some rediculous way and spread rumors that's exactly how you died.
Enormous.
Har har, first time I've heard that one before!
Yay
depends on who you send it to for testing.
This is why I keep a goatee when I shave my face.
I'd love to see what his assault victims looked like...I'm sure they're all tough guys, right?
cause michael bay couldn't direct that...
Oh boy, fanfiction.
Yeah, I'm sure they never fight for dominance within their own group.
Unless the Braves petition MLB to have BJ's jersey say "Bossman Jr"
Yeah, because words never change meaning, right?
Who was the top news channel?
That's why I enable adblock for youtube, those ads are obtrusive and I in my infinite wisdom should be able to decide how they design their ads and how they pay for their site.
Oh wow how shocking
working as intended
pretty sure no one plays bot games to have a late game scenario.
sc2 is dying
yes because gurls
It's okay, they only generalized men.
What are you talking about, it is just being rewritten!
They couldn't give more than $15, they have to pay to replace an ipod, ipad and possibly get a new paint job for their 2010 dodge charger if it was scratched during the break-in.
Sounds like a good enough reason to me
French.
Yeah, it's totally their fault we systemically oppressed them for generations, destroying their culture and traditions all the while throwing them in residential schools and paying them in alcohol for their land.
Not the same era, but what about playing Will Smith's song "Welcome to Miami" too during their highlights?
should have just flown it there, bunch of dumbasses
This is exactly what the impeachment process is intended for.
That sounds like what somebody in a cult would say ;-p
Yeah the refs are responsible for 40 points
That little boy in his underwear sired enough kids to have 30....30....30 grandchildren?
He already claimed he was a BTC millionare several weeks ago on his show.
Get out...
Seems Legit
Don't you know you're not allowed to wear items with more than 3 bright colors unless you're gay?
I thought those were "Libertarians" ?
Which one of her attackers does she have to marry?
Laughed at this, so upvotes!
Because Obama's doing it, apparently.
I don't negotiate with terrorists
Everyone flys crabs in everyone, source used to pick up and steam crabs for canton dockside.
LOL xD
Didn't you know any popular opinions or jokes are automatic circlejerk material?
Obviously you two are the only people who like the show who also own AC!
haha pwned christards XD
I'm just gonna leave this thread now.
Those are some lovely C7 Corvettes
Toby cried so he must be telling the truth.
I like your logic.
There's nothing i'd love more than to spend $1500 on a web app machine.
Finally the trade that will solidify us for the playoffs!
This animated film, meant for children, doesn't specifically cater to MY discerning taste, therefore it's an abomination.
You finished?
Yeah, Tom Brady would run that SO well.
Covering ignorance as humor, that's a new one.
monogamous relationship with one guy one week... monogamous relationship with someone else the next week... and another person on the week end... and in that short relationship, I'm sure you can trust them not to cheat on you... yeah..
What texture pack is that?
...but if we save one life, it'll be worth it.
Dude didn't you know his "brand" is worth billions
Must be careful, don't want to make Sivir even more overpowered.
Of course they used Nerf guns during the Battle of ShiLOL
Yeah, the feds have nothing to do with either.
The internet is so small.
A nice Walcott-esque goal
Clearly you're just so full of hate you're blind to God's love
That's not funny this guy died.
Thanks for you very insightful response.
Judging my the number of accomplishment posts in r/running, I don't think people have a problem discounting themselves...
Where is the quote or source for the claim that the judge has threatened contempt of court?
by all means, please tell us more about your vibrant social constellation and how you got there.
They were under pressure, so it's ok, right guys?
Why is it counterproductive?
Fudge packer
Better start sniffing coke and drinking a few fifths before the game in that case.
Now I want to see you hit a moving target with a dumb bomb.
Why not?
In Rivals we trust!
Haven't seen this one posted ever before !
I instantly knew it was animation from the mirror on his desk :D
Looks like we found a real winner here.
Yeah, they shouldn't even bother bringing *any* jobs to the US, if they're not going to bring them all.
Well that's not deliberately shit stirring at all, is it?
Ya but I prefer one brand to another so I'd rather latch on to evidence that confirms my preferences and discard evidence that challenges these preferences.
Thats all of Canada, BC is only 10% of that.
Must be why traffic is so bad... Because roads are built first.
Soundbites are an American tradition, fuck you!
I agree, and in fact we should probably only listen to 3/5ths of what Lavar Burton has to say anyways...
Except "reverse racism" against white people, of course.
Yes, our foreign policy has never had adverse effects on other countries.
PSH, the Browns would NEVER be able to beat a team like the Pats, it would surely be an easy win for us.
(Some friendly Reddit advice to avoid confusion) *italics help sarcasm* and so does
Yeah, all I think about when i'm drunk is how to kill myself!
As a Polish guy, please do go on about how rough you have it in the joke world.
Well, yeah, but crazy people driving trucks into buildings, holding hostages at gunpoint, and firebombing medical testing centers are **completely** different.
Only the most vapid of people go to universities.
Yeah, it's totally black peoples' fault.
They can move the goal posts if it means they win.
Functional programming **BAD**
Why?
OMG no way she can make enough milk for triplets, she's going to starve them!
As someone from a Balkan country, I can say that it's all rainbows and unicorns over here, we love the shit out of eachother.
Fuck ass tits balls gooch clit bitch cocksucking motherfucking anus licker nope, not censored.
Why was the moon landing faked?.........
Whoops, forgot to close it:
That's because not enough people put it on their facebook status to raise awareness!
Yeah 'cause private business never use friends and connections in industry to gain an unfair competitive advantage.
It can't be a hate-crime against men because men are 49% of the population and therefore a minority ... wait I think there is something wrong with my argument.
Unfriend everyone first.
Who the fuck listens to AM?.
Why not just drown my face in stem cells, it might be cheaper.
... but think how many jobs will be created through the additional bureaucracy needed to investigate and maintain the censorship and process all the lawsuits!
Bu-but that one song in those commercials!
The french don't marry!
I love blending in for fear of standing out too
It would totally be a great fix for world hunger!
We need to cut taxes so everyone can get a job.
Everyone likes me :D
only if you preorder from Gamestop
then he must be a very poor communicator, since everyone seems to have it wrong, based on videos of his own words.
you know if you buy a happy meal in tx they give you a .22
Maybe they think that if they can retroactively eliminate interracial marriage, Obama won't be president anymore and they can have their country with a white president back.
So the women have huuuuge vaginas.
Go on...
In any household, when both parties disagree, the one that makes the most money, and therefore contributes the most, should have more votes right?
Stocks are not climate.
The one on the box was a lot bigger.
Obviously, a hat.
Yes, politicians have everything to do with this
You forgot the
Yes, because we all know that fat is evil.
* Dutchland
What exactly are you screaming when you do the superman?
You too, dirtbag.
When people strongly agree with Sweden being fascist I don't think they withhold an up-vote if they disagree with the Sweden being feminist part.
no kids?
Shock Doctrine by Naomi Klein ... .
thats a very tasteful tattoo.
BUT SOCIALISM!
Its good too the money used to fight terrorism and the illicit drug gangs is being used for good use.
Because this isn't controlling and manipulating as fuck or anything.
We'll accept the apology when you take him back
I guess Al Qaida is in on the conspiracy too...
Truer words have never been said
Remember, abortion is never justified as it is exactly the same as murdering someone!
Just enough for a miscalculated FTL jump.
Well, except that when i modify the terms of the license and cross of certain clauses they still accept the terms of my counter-offer by not complaining.
Kill it with fire!
It took them far too long to report this.
Nah, you are just a fucking nazi socialist.
Yeah, thats what I was thinking somebody would say... just not with an implied
That's always how I envisioned him.
What do you have against blacks?
Though it is absolutely necessary for them to be involved in the lives of everyone elses children.
A few more years and Darwinism will sort this out
That is the same results when Amsterdam "decriminalized".
Yeah, and I'm sure he was elected President of the Harvard Law Review simply due to sympathy votes.
I, for one, welcome our new Kinetic Sculpture overlords.
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
Ideally though (if you aren't bored of humoring me) wouldn't you want a high contrast AND more colors (color gradations)?
Of course you don't care about it, that's why you're defending yourself in the Atheist reddit.
Stop worrying about the student, Prince Charles has been inconvenienced.
Like someone else said, at least he's asking, not like the last administration :P
Because the opposition's positions are equally valid, its just that we don't see their wisdom and so we vote them down.
*sigh* And there we see the real reason that you refuse to accept Islam's role in this murder... If only I was saying that it's because of the West that Aisha is dead, then we could both agree and be happy.
Teach both and lets the kids decide.
But how will this help the government make more money?
Under Siege
Nice work China.
I'm willing to make Kim Kardashian our first lady.
Not when the school disables them so you don't know when they are watching.
I seriously don't know how you resisted stripping off your cloths at that very moment.
Inuit is not preferred nomenclature in Alaska, actually, as it groups Yupik and Inupiat people together.
Could you sing "Love is like magic", but change the words to "McCain is a maverick"?
No thanks, I'm more moral than their god so I could never do that.
I don't think he's really implying anything, just presenting a "hey guys look how fucking crazy this shit is" kinda deal.
Probably because you still need to pay fees to submit/develop apps for the iPhone.
Post your thoughts about the rebuttal when you are done reading!
You should do a series with the Led Zeppelin *Presence* thing :D
What does it matter to me that I can see how much the pig eats if the second part is absent.
Night.
Gee, I feel safer already.
R.I.P.
The ones with fake tits.
Yes it's completely irrational to let something that fundamentally affects who you are be more important to you than stuff that happened to other people, no matter how terrible.
how does this actually change anything other than having the little red light being off?
Through his shit out on the lawn and change the locks.
My unclear point was that we have only finite time and must therefore have some procedures to disregard some things - whether we want those procedures or not we have only so much time, processing power, and data on which to base any decision.
Yeah and I guess Tressell did make those kids promise to come back next year to serve their suspension so I guess it was right of Tressell to let the kids play.
You can't prove He didn't....
It keeps us from being gay!
wow, that was only slightly biased.
I for one welcome our new neuromarketing overlords.
The ability... fared no better... Nice command of the English language there.
Hi I know it's like 3 hours later and I see 40 comments already but I'm not going to read anything to see if the games are gone, so I'll just ask that you give me free shit anyway.
it says trutv so i beg to differ
Tea Party!
I thought it was only terrorism if brown people with a different religion than us were to blame.
B... b... but they have the right to defend themselves...
Wow, you must be great at partys.
Well, that's what happens when you get two communists together.
At least we don't have to worry about deflation.
He should feel grateful, because he did not get shot at
No, it's stealthy enough to hide itself from fighters running windows.
I dunno shit seems to be working out wonderfully
Great way to thank the countless lives given to save those Jews in the first place.
I blame it on condoms.
Oh hey, a CoD player
Yes we
You think it's funny, and required your thought, so it belongs in r/humor?
What state is that in?
For the love of god: *please* let there be a sex tape of her some day.
There should be only one freedom regarding religion: Freedom *from* religion.
Get rid of the Streets.
Yeah, it's a real good democrat costume Obama wears, isn't it?
Yeah, but it only works if it catches them before they breed.
In the leagues I played in, even shouting "my ball" was a foul - you had to yell something like "jondiced's ball".
I for one am glad this monster is off the streets
^ crazy person
Wow they really started out strong with this one!
Please get help.
It's like windows phone 7 and that worked great...
Not particularly long, but annoyingly wide, yes.
Be careful with this link, it's an antique.
Yes, boobies, rare, terrible afflictions belonging to only true war heroes, such as Alan Turing.
credit card biatch, he ain't paying it back anyways.
I read it as a misspelling of "On another side note", which mimics her first four words.
In your bank account!
yeah it kills children
Am I the only one who thinks a real tax revolt would require a large number of people refusing to pay their taxes and not some toothless internet gathering?
If it's on the internet then it must be true!
Yea, just like it was impossible to build 'enterprise' software before with anything other than COBOL.
I always thought Whedon was the one really holding that property back.
Any mother should know you hold your hand over the face to quiet down a screaming child, not slap it.
Because fighting stupidity with violence has always been the logical solution.
What are you talking about, its obviously the fools from ebaumsworld.
LOOKY HERE BOYS WE GOT ARSELVES A WHITE KNIGHT...HURR HURR HURRRRR
I think the spill, and Obama's lack of response, is all part of his socialist agenda to get people sold on "green energy" and big government when he does eventually swoop in and solve the problem.
Cool I was needing a serial for that game.
I used to love it, but now I'm not so sure.
Well, can't you see it indicates that the source is top secret.
It's just as racist to judge people based on their actions and culture as it is to judge them based on their skin color.
At least these idiotic parents can rest easy knowing that their sick, dying children won't get autism.
looks pretty real to me.
you sir are a genius my kids will never know
Looks like Fox News will be getting themselves a dirty Sanchez pretty soon.
Classy
At least the people are involved in that decision right now so they have a chance, previously that was never an option.
Definitely my gf's #1 peeve of me.
I like your dead-pan delivery.
Hahaha, stupid Canadian rednecks.
Someone shop this kid to look like the pope.
Please Judge, *run for President*.
Among other things...
He just did it!
but now i can leverage his passive!
not bad, not bad at all
It goes on how actually awesome a guy was, not time alone... for instance: Billy Mays jokes.
If I only had his problems...
Well, for starters, you put this article in the wrong sub-reddit... So you definitely have difficulties in figuring out where an article is supposed to go.
You forgot the hopslam.
That's the liberal media for you.
If the military budget is cut, then the terrorists will win!
Right, it's Bush's fault and no one else's...
You KNOW the offspring will turn out all right.
republicans
Yes, as a professional journalist lughnasadh needs to be more accountable for his reporting.
again, someone forgot the
CULTIVATING MARIJUANA IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.
No, it will be filmed while she's in the white house.
If you are on the highway to hell, wouldn't you want people to let you know before you burn?
Dump him.
Sorry, I missed my
It's a travesty, and should always be illegal.
Kosher Christmas Candy
That wasn't money, it was a kind of green "free speech".
Gotta love all the witty, original comments for that article....
No, they'll do plenty when you call them, like spend half an hour looking at your broken-into car hoping to find things to arrest *you* for.
Who does this guy think he is, Kerry Wood?
gonna do to it
Very lopsided considering all the work the consumers did.
i wonder where they got them from!
Star Trek: Enterprise
If only more redditors could appreciate the genius of your comment.
I see you both have a clip for your Beretta and magazines for a Garand.
FWD FWD FWD FWD FWD FWD FWD FWD FWD
I love people that claim a protest is a bad idea because it will inconvenience people... the more inconvenient it is, the stronger the protest.
The Snowpocalypse claims another victim!
Koch industries got you down?
Public defenders are often good attorneys who have way too many cases and nowhere near the amount of resources that the DA's office has.
for the clan of course
Nah man, just try it once or twice, you won't get hooked.
Wow just wow, I am as confused as you are.
pray.
I have faith" "it's in the bible, right there it says so why are you so closed minded"
That's why everyone knows it's not something you're born with, you choose to be gay!
Sometimes I feel like when Rivers was acknowledged as a success, all of his genuine-ness evaporated because he couldn't _really_ write about *really* being a dork anymore.
Wow, that bitch is uppity.
I've been labeled as a "manslut" and wear it with pride ;)
Way to handle this maturely - like a man....
To hell with the truth and common sense CATO, the applause was resounding
yes because having money and playing games are equally fun
I think that there may be few schools that can pull this off!
Wow... I've never seen such an enthusiastic bunch of people being interviewed.
When I stared playing, I mentally made a note that if I ever lost a lane, it was because they were smurfing.
Yeah, but this is reddit.
well spoken
Because we push by choice, and not because no one else on our team is pushing.
not from Steve Jobs...?
So...a rapist can defend himself "Well she said no, but since she was tied down she couldn't physically fight off the perpetrator....So it is not rape."
Epic fail.
Sure, right after they add Long Island.
Thank you for explaining that, because otherwise I would have missed the brilliance of that joke.
Some tubes are short, and happen to give you cancer.
homeboy
*Forever me gusta*
Fresh talent, we grow our own here!
It's because the Dems are just a more altruistic wing of the Corporate Party (with the Regressives completing the group).
While you just hate your country because you think it makes you look cool.
Learning from history, are we?
Teachers are the enemy of someone that failed college as many times as her.
It's the internet, its not "real" Haven't you learned anything?
True, but consider that he's now become a celebrity (more difficult to assassinate) and that even if he *was* assassinated, someone else would take his place (Wikileaks is more than just Assange).
1.21 GIGAWATTS!
Yes, violence is always an appropriate response to insult.
I'm praying for you
**NO YOU MUST BLAME THEM FOR ALL YOUR OWN FAILURES IT IS THE WAY OF LOL**
sounds like a great time!
You would think that they would have better cameras considering they make all ours.
Hurray, let us clutter r/pics with more quotes in jpg form!
In other news, woman fired for wearing a "Team Jacob" T-shirt to work, when the employers were clearly Edwards fans.
Don't worry, you'll change your mind soon!
See now this is what you get for not having enough anal-sex.
So it is 2/3's Obama's fault.
But they are natural, they can't be bad!
Forgot the
What a helpful and generous service.
Yes, your Nickelback collection is way better and more lyrically superior to Green Day's "American Idiot".
My god... this man is white... obviously all white people are child rapists!
That wallpaper is my favorite, best pre-order bonus **ever**.
The passer-by looks like Todd Palin.
sure, gay marriage is an oxymoron
A douching accident?
it be interesting for sure
Problem?
Shit, "hang out with Steve" should be #1.
Fuck Netscape.
Should be dead interesting.
The 'shrooms column symptoms sound more like the acid ones.
I had this same idea.
IIRC, Agent Smith replicated himself on demand.
When you remove corporate and government PR from education, what percentage is left?
Is there something that Obama would not consider taxing ?
Maybe you're Eskimo brothers now.
You know... republicans might actually vote for this so it can get to Obama so he can veto it, which will fracture his base.
This is a horrible violation of this man's religious freedom!
Drop it on the ground, that always works pretty well.
But not all news is bad, says Japanese PM: at least the rate at which it's continuing to worsen has stabilised.
That's usually a safe conclusion.
Yeah, because "if you drink and drive you're going to jail" is the best argument against drunk driving.
obviously we mock it because human beings aren't inherently valuable or worthy of a decent life
Even in public?
Pm me your email and I'll send it out to you.
Glad you understood it was a joke without needing an
the Undertaker / Lesnar confrontation wasn't staged!
Looks like BP is doing all they can guis.
Well, unlike you ignorant niggers, that particular nigger has learned running from the police is not going to end well.
I bet Feillani (sp) knows all about the rule
Yeah, and the Mii was the first virtual representation of a person EVER.
Good thing they don't smoke much pot or they would of never gotten around to it
ahh.. you forgot the
Forget CSI - I'm waiting anxiously for the next episode of Being Erica.
Oh yes, I can totally see how they were being aggressive towards you first.
Great idea; I'll try that next time
nutnfancy just doesn't fit your POU, your philosophy of use.
It's Star Wars, right?
You sound poor and jealous.
And keep on using XP Pro as your windows OS as your secondary OS.
They almost got it, except they totally reversed it.
I still play defcon and darwinia.
out of the same orifice strangely enough...
You need better music ;)
Well say what you have to say to him before he goes, if you don't you'll regret it.
How is it pretentious to own the most common phone in north America?
There is a huge difference between unknowingly lying (due to bad intel) and intentionally lying (Fox "News").
I read the quoted text in Tracy Morgan's voice.
The audacity is amazing.
Asking an ex-Cuban their opinion of Cuba is about as valid as asking Sitting Bull what he thought of the Constitution.
TIL that there is a relation between TMNT and Sex and the City.
Yeah, not to mention the fact that the spirit of that rule was clearly to avoid idolatry, not to forbid any kind of representation in neutral situations.
Don't forget the low-frequency sound effects.
STEAK!
4chan?
Because if it is true, it makes the CIA look good and, well, we just *can't* have that.
because we had the horses before those filthy injuns did!
I think I remember reading somewhere that you get a break for twenty or so years until your "new body" grows old enough.
Stallone?
Who could ever guess the Bolsheviks were a bunch of thieves.
But the important thing is that you tell him that he's got a big fat one, and it's the best sex ever, right?
I'd go over to Chicago to kick your ass but I don't feel like being stuck in traffic for 4 hours
They will need some white people who've read an english translation to explain to them why they're misinterpreting the Koran.
Yeah, right.
Thanks I really needed this ;)
Because the people are bringing water in from an outside source then when they pee it goes into the local septic system which ends up in the sound.
Bloody foreigners!
Who would lead such a takeover, and what would their aims be?
what could possibly go wrong?
Yah people can't just walk in there and take a tour or crash a party w/o being strip searched
From supporters like me.
is that a comment about the crappy service here?
you were probably making it up.
Award for best reddit post of the day...
Bu bu b b b b but woMAN are weyk :(
Ron Paul's a good start; how about the rest of the GOP?
Oh, it's not that bad once you get a handle on the crippling depression and constant tooth grinding.
I'm so lucky to be on the first floor!
tldr: The problem with socialism is sooner or later you run out of other peoples money.
That Nigger dead.
Didn't he go to rev wright's church for twenty years?
I thought it was just to make the vagina muscles tighter, I didn't even know it could possibly serve a purpose on a male until I did some research yesterday.
Don't forget the revenue for the private prison system!
Frakkin Mubarak thugs doing it on purpose to him and the other western journos.
I don't remember that Office episode.
They're *entitled* to their pirated games and cheathacks dammit!
for science
Use bipedal locomotion and enjoy whats around you.
That would be an "entitlement."
Have you ever felt a breast before man?
Working full time, going to school, being a husband and a parent really get it the way of my wow time!
Goodwill, because I know I am not in high finance.
I'm sure the recent explosions in Japan had no influence.
So of the three major disasters in nuclear power, 1 was a success story (three mile), and the other two were built incorrectly, and one of THOSE required a major disaster to breakdown... Clearly nuclear power is dangerous.
I bet it's awesome and has some real longevity.
It all evaporated, of course!
Because clearly an already debunked film about 9-11 conspiracies is a "must see"
Yeah, because Valve doesn't care about it's customers at all.
Ultimatums are a great way to start out a relationship
But they're all delicate little snowflakes.
awesome -I love being a part of history
nah nah nah nah, hey hey goodbye!
Exactly.
In her defense, Jesus was white, unmarried, effeminate guy.
Who hasn't gotten their dick sucked by someone other than their wife in the White House?
Yup, I'm sure nothing will make large number's of Muslims happier than knowing that he's got the backing of Israel.
You can still get away with buttfuckers and 'gay.
Oh, you must have missed this:
Chicago politics.
Hate is always a good thing to base your decisions on...
WTF is a check?
Plus no waves!
I'm sure Carlin donated much of his fortune to the poor, or as a rich comedian, voluntarily paid more taxes
Shut up, Linux fanboy.
What about camo belts?
Your team must love you.
Sounds like a great racket.
It's a heaven-sent!
Don't worry: I'm sure he's experiencing a well deserved eternity of suffering.
A heart-felt thank you to you.
Her forehead is HUGE
so does her head
Samsung Captivate (AT&amp;T's Galaxy S) Still waiting for 2.2.
some may have a lover in their jail cell soon...
What are those "spy features" in Windows?
August underground, anyone?
Well, if they're men they're obviously pedophiles, because all men are ~~potentially~~ pedophiles.
You have sex with little girl robots?
I zoomed in and I am not clear that reddit passing digg in search volume is statistically significant.
wow, great color.
So there were no camps selected?
Yeah, it looked pretty dead, or at least severely injured.
I'm not sure why everyone is freaking out; President Obama stated unequivocally this week that he was opposed to bullying behavior.
Looks interesting, but I still prefer using Phing, though I might play around with this to see what it can do
Well, maybe if homeless vets weren't so lazy, they could become NASCAR drivers?
Vodka, proving lack of Russian creativity since 1405.
Well, we do have a show for picking out the christians, it's called "Are You Smarter than a Fifth Grader?"
He's brown, and that's all people see lol
Which goes to show that we (Americans) are cultural Philistines.
Trickle Down Economics works so well.
It was awesome.
I am very surprised to see that Japan has the most robots.
**Islamo**commufascist.
Nice try, GOP.
*slept **beside** his dead wife* It's really not weird at-all when you know all the details.
That'll make the tent wider...
All of the nice, loving, progressive people want him dead because he is such a hater.
I'm sure it'll make the first one look like A New Hope to its Empire Strikes Back.
But I'm in Atlanta and I didn't feel a thing...
Hi, I represent the MPAA, and I have a couple questions for you...
Good use of tax payer money.
Lucky for us, the middle class is shrinking so rapidly that it may disappear completely within the next decade!
Clearly she was a security risk because she turned her phone back on after the captain told her to turn it off.
The NRA are a bunch of hypocrites, don't they care about the children.
Love the generalization there.
Another sign: "Not my fault my house looks like shit with the default"
Generally, credit.
Man you do just write the funniest comments
FISH KILL!
I hope that is not supposed to be negative because I got serious nerd chills in that scene.
Shit Happens!
They seem easily distra... oooh a shiny thing!
Agreed.
Ask him how the picture can possibly be 'better' than if he just used an ordinary cheap cable.
**B-U-L-L-S-H-I-T**
Yeah, I was going to post "The USA is not a direct democracy, because of specifically the tyranny of the majority", but there's too many places to post it.....
Not to mention probably thousands of individual success stories, me included.
No...I caught it (I'm pretty tall, and it wasn't flying that high).
Sorry, I wasn't clear - yeah, exactly your point... it looks (what it is)... total lunacy (brought about by our past, something the aliens will know nothing about)
wat
heh, you are wrong, must be a liberal.
Personally I can't back him because he thinks that Star Trek was better than Star Wars.
That's their tagline: CNN, slightly more reliable than Fox.
Im an average Muslim, thanks for letting me know im fucked up =D.
the road warrior?
A multimillionaire who is from America, whose wives are from Czechoslovakia and Slovenia, whose mother came from from Scotland, whose jet is registered in Bermuda, who is building a Hotel/Tower in Canada, who is building a Golf Club in the Caribbean, and who has properties elsewhere in the world...... Why would anyone think he's a globalist?
It's just one giant conspiracy.
I didn't think Ramen shop employees got to be called "chef."
PNG is an open format, though.
If you look very closely, you may be able to spot the homosexual agenda.
Those would surely fly off the shelves.
When a Christian does it, that means it is not terrorism.
If it would save just one life, it would be worth it.
But but... it's not 0.2 nm thinner!
Just like how the South African National Party fought the terrorist ZANU PF, right?
God works in mysterious ways.
You understand Nietzsche so well!
Great editing..
Same here.
Groovy.
I'm calling the "Elbows" rule on this girl
Leonardo Dicaprio in The Departed
Alotta Fagina or Pussy Galore
this is the best solution ive read so far.
Than I must be a sexist, awesome!
You have no soul.
I think it hasn't been the same since top teams saw it as an inconvenience.
Yeah, but who's going to *need* open heart surgery?
Pot, now.
Because there are certainly no problems with the Taliban in any of the neighboring stans.
It's the flag for Kurdistan.
We know how you feel about smoking pole, but what about smoking pot?
You should use a fork instead.
Boy, that's a lot of basement dwelling college kids eh?
Didn't they hear we're broke?
How can you not love that voice?
That's why people in areas where fish is a staple are always blitheringly retarded.
I think I would go into a diabetic coma if I tried that.
OMG GAYJOKES ARE FANNNNNNNNNTASSSSSSTIC
Rich people don't pay taxes
That really expanded my vocabulary...
Pfft, there are no consequences for our internet shenannigains, don't be absurd.
I hate to say I toadaso, but I fucken toadaso Julian!
TIL reptiles grow their entire life
Natalie Halloway is back, fuck everything else.
what's wrong with that?
I'm totally using that line when I boot kids from an Xbox party from now on.
But we can fix SS by putting it on Wall St!
Maybe it's because you put it in the freezer, and water tends to expand when it freezes, and expansions in closed cans often lead to explosions.
Yay for the wonders of religion and all it's glory.
Isn't it obvious from all the people keeling over that don't have a diet made mainly of organic foods?
Hey but, you know, people know how to get mutas to beat thors now so it's all cool.
dude that's totally racist.
This is a great article that encourages you to search on Google for what you might need.
None taken.
Okey dokey...didn't expect this view here...alas &amp; alack!
This story is probably BS, but with food prices up 18% so far this year I'd certainly like to have his presumed grocery bill.
/nuke/circlejerk
Virus warning!
Yeah, it's so selfish not having children you don't want
And the drug would be planted so they can meet quota.
Token anti-war rant goes here
and he campaigned on *ending nation building*... oi.
I'll go ahead and jolt this thread to life again.
This leads me to think that the real damage the government is concerned over wikileaks is the damage to the manufactured perceptions of its citizens.
Try using a digital camera to photograph it under good lighting conditions.
I've tried googling it, what are the big differences between plat and heartgold?
I'm not seeing them unless they're in 3D.
He really was the justin bieber of his time, so misunderstood
Because the trash is in the water, not in the streets.
Yeah, I've had zero issues with wired, and it makes browsing large folders of media much quicker too
The term is "Palin American"
Like a well oiled retarded clock!
Well, that's just another example of how Zionists control Amurika.
3OH!3
I like how hitler has more positives than Obama.
I think you need to make a video rant for this....
yes... because only the southerners owned slaves...
That's racist.
I would happily do a feasibility study on it for a nominal sum of 30 - 40 million dollars
Comments on the article make me proud to be an American.
no, no, no *'smug laugh aimed at belittling you'* the oil is gone, haven't you been listening to your television ?
Anything that gets the government more involved in private affairs and industry is good news in my book!
Right, because making employees more expensive will surely result in businesses hiring more employees.
No, they should have had insurance like any other business with risks.
I love mercury-full seafood.
It is probably just that pact with the devil they made negatively effecting their GDP, literacy rates, health and nutrition.
I will never build a standard form factor PC without a tape drive.
Yes we've redirected that Kobe Rape Hate into Lebron Being Stupid Hate... definitely similar situations
As Heimdallr is said to be the originator of social classes among mankind, who's to say his moniker as the whitest is not a counter to black people?
No, Mexico is a land of lawlessness and savages and you **will die** if you go there.
USING CAPSLOCK MAKES MY POINT MORE VALID
Inconceivable!
Yes, of course I need people to share this with.
It's not racism, it's just business!
*One* good fraternity doesn't mean they're *all* good.
Make a subreddit.
I thought it was because yellow pencil does not show up well on buff paper.
Nonetheless, a good point they made, no?
What does a federal agencies rules have to do with local or state law enforcement?
If general consensus regarding Unity is to be believed, he's *actually* pushing for 200 million *Debian* users in 4 years.
Mass littering, awesome.
What did you tell them?
I am dizzy from all this spinning.
heroes
I feel like we're part of Terminator 2.
Well, you can blame all the conservatives in Congress (Republicans and Blue Dogs) who wouldn't allow for a bill that made its provisions take effect immediately.
mind = blown.
Her dog should be shot for this behavior.
That pretty much seals it for 2012... It was a good run guys.
No way man... this guy totally edges out Hitler.
your cat is really one of those superheros who refuses to take off their mask
But if all the rich left, we would have no jobs, because they employ everyone.
It's cool how they managed to catch all of Detroit's cars in one shot.
When you say something sarcastic, you're supposed to end it like this
That last point was
Piece of mind.
How is that a nod to Firefly?
Don't legalize drugs, kids, it may cause too many to make music!
Pen and paper also
Anybody but Daley.
You're a good christian.
ZOMG... she didn't did she?
Totally wasn't sarcasm.
That's like saying the turd is prettier because it's green.
Bech-Palin 2012
That's where hippie babies come from.
That's exactly the sort of thing Hitchens would say, isn't it?
That is so relevant!
Yeah because Super Mario 64 was such a terrible, non-innovative game.
pervs...
Well yeah, unless you want it to come out all limp-wristed an lispy.
Eh, I just broke my bar magnet in half.
Ah the joys of console development(lol @ high dev costs on console) and pushing your employees to the edge
Yeah, that lady outside was being a real disturbance, it's a good thing they took her off the street.
Well, that seems like they are guilty of sloth to me.
Yeah this is a fair and reasonable example.
Remember people, we need feminist jurisprudence because there are laws that only favor men, and no laws that favor or protect women.
Yes, I see them doing it all the time, now that McD's has had the temperature turned down **for years** as a result of the suit.
Not only should he have been fired but tarred and feathered.... in that uniform.
I hope you're trying to be funny, otherwise that's just sad.
I choose weed.
'Course, there are some things you can solve with recursion that can't be parallelized, like generating a Fibonacci sequence.
manufacturing techniques probably improved over the decade thus a more realistic barbie.
White People do THIS, Black people to THAT, When the lights go out white people PANIC, When the lights go out black people PLAN IT.
This is my comment of the day, as this will basically be me in... 10 years.
Inneresting, thanks!
I've never used them.
This usually only works out if you're still in middle school.
Sounds like you would love The Wire if you haven't seen it already.
Looks nice, how come you didn't take the backsplash all the way up ?
It's almost insulting in the same way that rape is.
If all units could shoot and move at the same time I would be all for the mechanic but when those things get massed up it breaks the game dynamics.
Just me or does that look like an Android logo?
Single malt Scotch and Bob the Builder.
An explosion.... of *flavor*.
Yeh, but Pakistan has the *wrong* religious values.
Yeah, the cops should have clubbed a bunch of them and then arrested a few thousand people asap.....
Yeah but they probably tortured him to get those confessions out of him.
Hire someone who knows how.
Oh well, it's ok then.
Meh, they're just making up shit as they go along.
Well this is shocking that you would turn to the same old tired ad hominems
I shot the sheriff.
Ah you're right after looking through a few iterations of my project, they're all 400KB.
For non Canadians out there, the toque is that black thing on his head.
They hate the sin, not the sinner.
Middlesbrough is far superior
Yeah man, people from 3rd world countries would totally play it cool in a situation like this
now, i half-heart you
Oh Verizon only for the Android app, thanks NHL.
exactly, trickle down economics worked great in the US!
Only if they're white.
ha ha kids singing about something they dont understand ha ha ha so funny ha ha
We have record deficits, why don't you take out a giant loan and sacrifice like the gov't is!
Evil = When you know what something you do is harming someone else, but do it anyway (especially when you justify it)
I don't know, I haven't had any problems with Windows 7 (yet)...maybe they are on to something.
Because, you know, it's not like Harry Reid was democratically elected.
Well someone is definitely retarded.
Israel has nukes?
Do what?
They are all the same size?
Yeah, *that's* going to help.
I see a wonderful code commenter in the future.
The more I people I shoot the better my chances are that I kill the bad guy!!
Yeah right, "restored" footage....
Weird the Xbox360 can't help do laundry and cook
Yeah because that old lady looked seriously dangerous, they had no other options.
That is because they are designed that way
But but,,,Macs are secure because no one uses them....
Sure, "separate but equal" is still a great idea.
and thus progresses Murdoch's descent into oblivion.
Forget about the war and health care and the economy and housing - why won't Obama show us his birth certificate?
She's probably a really sweet girl...
Yay for zeee peee geee!
I knew this would happen when those Russians invaded Georgia!
What they lose on foreclosure they will make up on volume.
I'm surprised he didn't use filtered water to insure the safety of his vehicle
Clever.
Ah yes, the good 'ol make fun of the handicapped bit, classic
Ah, but if you're not religious, all you have to do is repent moments before punishment, and *boom*, you're golden!
So... "Before it's too late" because of butterfly-shaped trees with dirt on one of the wings?
You don't have anything to hide do ya?
a creative masterpiece!
They do - commonly called "tourists"
Yeah because WINE is such a piece of cake to use.
Being in a region that is that hot and being forced to sweat it out in a burka... well maybe they just want weight loss to be done through different means... Besides we really shouldn't tell people how their societies should behave and we certainly shouldn't tell muslims what things within their religion to believe and not believe in...
